Don't worry about others.
Don't worry about such a silly thing.
Don't worry about such a thing.
Don't worry about such a trivial problem.
Don't worry about that.
Don't worry about the baby.
Don't worry about the cost.
Don't worry about the past.
Don't worry about the result of your test.
Don't worry about the results.
Don't worry about the store. I'll lock up.
Don't worry about things that aren't important.
Don't worry about us.
Don't worry about what others say.
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.
Don't worry, Mom. He isn't particular about food. He eats anything.
Don't worry.
Don't worry. Everything's OK.
Don't worry. He doesn't understand German.
Don't worry. He knows what he's doing.
Don't worry. He may look intimidating at first glance, but he's actually a very friendly person.
Don't worry. I won't hurt her.
Don't worry. I won't let anything stop me from finishing the job.
Don't worry. I won't tell anyone.
Don't worry. I won't tell.
Don't worry. I'll be careful.
Don't worry. I'll get home safely.
Don't worry. I'll protect you.
Don't worry. I'll stay with you.
Don't worry. I'll take care of that.
Don't worry. I'll teach you how to drive.
Don't worry. I'm a doctor.
Don't worry. I'm sure Tom will understand.
Don't worry. It's easy.
Don't worry. It's going to be fine.
Don't worry. It's not the end of the world.
Don't worry. My lips are sealed.
Don't worry. The ambulance will be here soon.
Don't worry. They will be supervised.
Don't worry. This won't happen again.
Don't worry. Tom won't let us down.
Don't worry. We have plenty of water and food.
Don't worry. We'll get to the bottom of this.
Don't worry. We're safe here.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
Don't worry. You'll make new friends.
Don't write in ink.
Don't write me such long letters.
Don't you agree?
Don't you believe in miracles?
Don't you believe me?
Don't you come near me.
Don't you dare ask Tom that.
Don't you dare go there.
Don't you dare talk to me like that.
Don't you dare touch that.
Don't you ever call me again.
Don't you ever clean your room?
Don't you ever come back.
Don't you ever let me hear you talking to your mother like that again.
Don't you ever say anything?
Don't you ever speak to me like that again.
Don't you feel anything?
Don't you feel cold?
Don't you feel like going to the movies?
Don't you feel the house shaking?
Don't you get bored when you're alone?
Don't you get lonely out here all by yourself?
Don't you get on each other's nerves?
Don't you guys have any self-respect?
Don't you have a boyfriend?
Don't you have a driver's license?
Don't you have a pen?
Don't you have a sense of justice?
Don't you have any ambition?
Don't you have any friends?
Don't you have any good news?
Don't you have any money?
Don't you have any other way of contacting Tom?
Don't you have any shame at all?
Don't you have anything better to do with your time?
Don't you have anything better to do?
Don't you have anything else?
Don't you have anything smaller than that?
Don't you have anything smaller than this?
Don't you have anything to do?
Don't you have anything to say?
Don't you have school today?
Don't you have something to do?
Don't you have something to say to Tom?
Don't you have to go to school today?
Don't you have two computers?
Don't you hear what I'm saying?
Don't you know cheese is made from milk?
Don't you know how?
Don't you know it's rude to ask a lady her age?
Don't you know that you are the laughingstock of the whole town?
Don't you know the truth?
Don't you know what happened yesterday?
Don't you know who I am?
Don't you know?
Don't you like Boston?
Don't you like any Chinese food?
Don't you like any of these?
Don't you like apples?
Don't you like baseball?
Don't you like girls?
Don't you like us?
Don't you like your job anymore?
Don't you love me anymore?
Don't you miss Tom?
Don't you miss anything?
Don't you miss me?
Don't you miss your father?
Don't you move from here.
Don't you play tennis?
Don't you read the sports pages?
Don't you realize your behavior reflects on all of us?
Don't you recognize me?
Don't you recognize them?
Don't you remember anything?
Don't you remember who gave you that?
Don't you see the clock?
Don't you see the connection?
Don't you see what that means?
Don't you see what's happening here?
Don't you sleep well at night?
Don't you smell something unusual?
Don't you think I deserve an apology?
Don't you think I know my own brother?
Don't you think I know my own father?
Don't you think Tom has a beautiful smile?
Don't you think if there were a problem, Tom would call us and let us know?
Don't you think it is rather warm for December?
Don't you think it's still a little too early to talk to Tom about this?
Don't you think it's time for you to settle down?
Don't you think that you've done enough?
Don't you think that's a bit odd?
Don't you think that's a little strange?
Don't you think the air conditioner is turned up too high in here?
Don't you think this computer game may be a little too difficult for Tom?
Don't you think we deserve some answers?
Don't you think what I did was helpful?
Don't you think you should help Tom?
Don't you think you should tell Tom about this?
Don't you think you're being a bit melodramatic?
Don't you trust Tom yet?
Don't you trust Tom?
Don't you want Tom to know you were right?
Don't you want all your friends to come to your party and celebrate with you?
Don't you want to come along?
Don't you want to go out?
Don't you want to go?
Don't you want to have kids of your own?
Don't you want to hear my side of the story?
Don't you want to hear the rest?
Don't you want to help them?
Don't you want to help?
Don't you want to know what Tom looks like?
Don't you want to know what it means?
Don't you want to know what this is all about?
Don't you want to know where I was?
Don't you want to know why I didn't do that?
Don't you want to know why I didn't help?
Don't you want to know?
Don't you want to say anything?
Don't you want to see Tom again?
Don't you want to see your room?
Don't you want to stay here with us?
Don't you want to study?
Don't you want to swim today?
Don't you work in the cafeteria?
Don't you worry about Tom?
Don't you worry about a thing.
Don't, under any circumstances, play poker with Tom.
Double-check your answers.
Down with the king!
Dozens of houses were burned down in that big fire.
Dozens of students gathered there.
Dozens of young people attended the demonstration.
Dr. Bell treated the patient.
Dr. Hawking had almost finished writing a book.
Dr. Hellebrandt is an associate professor in that excellent university.
Dr. Hideo Noguchi died in Africa in 1928.
Dr. Jackson has a good bedside manner.
Dr. Jackson is our family doctor.
Dr. Smith gave me some meds to calm down, but I didn't take them.
Dr. Smith has a lot of patients.
Dr. Stein will be with you shortly.
Dragons are imaginary animals.
Drastic measures must be taken to prevent the further spread of the virus.
Draw a circle.
Draw a line from A to B.
Draw a line here.
Draw a line on your paper.
Draw a small circle.
Draw a straight line.
Draw me a sheep.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
Dreaming costs nothing.
Dreams come true.
Dreams sometimes come true.
Drink if you're thirsty and eat if you're hungry.
Drink it down.
Drink less and sleep more.
Drink something.
Drink up your milk.
Drinking alcohol during pregnancy can cause birth defects.
Drinking is bad for your health.
Drinking is harmful for your health.
Drinking on an empty stomach is bad for your health.
Drinking warm milk will help you get to sleep.
Drive carefully.
Drive cautiously.
Drive faster.
Drive more carefully, or you will have an accident.
Drive safely.
Drive slowly.
Drive the nail into the board.
Drive to the next intersection and make a left turn.
Drive with the utmost care.
Drivers must look out for children crossing the road.
Drivers should be aware of the traffic rules.
Drivers should wear seat belts.
Driving a car is a lot of fun.
Driving a truck isn't easy.
Driving during a storm can be dangerous.
Driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck.
Driving relaxes me.
Drop the gun.
Drop your gun!
Drop your weapons!
Drops of water glistened on the leaves of the tree after the brief downpour.
Drug addiction is a cancer in modern society.
Drunk driving is a serious problem.
Drunk in moderation, alcohol is not harmful.
Drunk people are so entertaining.
Drunk people often do stupid things.
Dry sand absorbs water.
Dry wood burns quickly.
Dry wood burns well.
Dry your face with a towel.
Dublin is the capital of Ireland.
Due to bad weather, the plane was late.
Due to my lumbago, I won't be able to attend Koizumi's party.
Due to the bad weather, the plane was ten minutes late.
Due to the lack of students, the school will be closed at the end of the year.
Due to the reason that I described above, I arrived at a different decision.
During hard times, people might not go on a trip, but they might be willing to pay extra for good coffee.
During his administration a great many new laws were passed.
During his teens and twenties, Tom was a party animal, but he now lives a sedate life with his wife Mary, and children.
During that month, he had no money on which to live.
During the summer vacation, I made friends with many villagers.
During the summer, I will go to France.
During the war, people went through many hardships.
Dust had accumulated on the desk.
Dutch is closely related to German.
Duty calls.
E-cigarettes are being promoted as a healthy alternative to tobacco cigarettes, but health authorities are concerned about the long-term health effects on users.
Each cat has its own personality.
Each chapter in the textbook is followed by about a dozen comprehension questions.
Each child was given a present.
Each country has its own customs.
Each day has 86,400 seconds.
Each individual is different.
Each individual paid 1,000 dollars.
Each item was described in painstaking detail.
Each molecule in our body has a unique shape.
Each of the boys was eager to join in the race.
Each of the three girls got a prize.
Each of their opinions has both good points and bad points.
Each of them has a bicycle.
Each of them has to write a report about what he saw.
Each of them sang a song.
Each of them was given a prize.
Each one does what he wishes.
Each one of us should do his best.
Each passing car threw up a cloud of dust.
Each person paid $7,000.
Each person paid a thousand dollars.
Each person paid one thousand dollars.
Each player did his best.
Each player on the team has his own bat.
Each speaker was allotted five minutes.
Each student has a locker.
Each student has his own desk.
Each time I see Mary, I learn something new and important from her.
Each time I see this picture, I remember my father.
Each time you step on the pedal, the wheel turns once.
Each year many children are kidnapped by members of their own families.
Each year, twenty-seven million acres of the tropical rainforests are destroyed.
Early explorers used the stars for navigation.
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Earth is a beautiful planet.
Earth is a planet.
Earth is the third planet from the sun.
Earth, Mars and Jupiter are planets.
Earthquakes and floods are natural disasters.
Earthquakes are common in Japan.
Earthquakes frequently hit Japan.
Earthquakes may occur at any moment.
Earthworms are a gardener's best friends.
Easter is near at hand.
Easy come, easy go.
Easy does it.
Eat a live frog every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
Eat and drink.
Eat anything you like.
Eat everything on your plate, or you won't get any dessert.
Eat everything.
Eat meals slowly.
Eat more fresh vegetables.
Eat more vegetables.
Eat slowly.
Eat something.
Eat up all your spinach!
Eat whatever you like.
Eat your ice cream before it melts.
Eat your soup before it gets cold.
Eat your soup while it is hot.
Eating between meals is a bad habit.
Eating fish is good for your health.
Eating habits differ from country to country.
Eating healthfully can help prevent heart disease.
Eating is one of life's great pleasures.
Eating more slowly will help you feel fuller.
Eating too much fat is supposed to cause heart disease.
Eating too much is bad for your health.
Economic development is important for Africa.
Edison invented many useful things.
Edison invented the electric lamp.
Edison invented the light bulb.
Edison was not a bright student.
Education begins at home.
Education does not consist simply in learning a lot of facts.
Education is an investment in the future.
Education is important.
Education is the key to success.
Education starts at home.
Effective communication and mutual respect are essential elements of successful teamwork.
Eggs are very fragile.
Eggs can be used as weapons.
Eggs go bad quickly in the summer.
Eight plus two is ten.
Eight years ago, we were in the early stages of what would become the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes.
Eighty percent of communication is non-verbal.
Einstein enjoyed playing the violin.
Einstein liked to play the violin.
Einstein was a mathematical genius.
Eisenhower kept his promise.
Either he is to blame, or I am.
Either he is wrong or I am.
Either they don't want to or they can't.
Either way's fine with me.
Either we all go or nobody goes.
Either you or I am right.
Either you or I am wrong.
Either you or I must go in his place.
Either you or I will have to do it.
Either you or he has to attend the meeting.
Election day was cold and rainy.
Electric cars will change the world.
Electricity is very useful.
Electronic components can be cleaned by using pure isopropyl alcohol.
Electronic components can be cleaned using pure isopropyl alcohol.
Elephants are an endangered species.
Elephants are in danger of dying out.
Elephants are the largest land animals alive today.
Elephants are the world’s largest land animals.
Elephants have long trunks.
Elephants have two ears.
Eleven o'clock is good for me.
Eliminating the deficit will be a very difficult job.
Elizabeth I became the Queen of England in 1558.
Elves have pointy ears.
Embezzle money? I wouldn't put it past her.
Emotions are contagious.
Emperor Nero was an extremely evil tyrant.
Employees are prohibited from watching the Olympics.
Employers are not required to give their employees paid sick leave.
Empty the car so we can use it.
Empty the purse into this bag.
Empty your pockets!
Encourage him to do it.
Endorse this check.
Enemies of enemies aren't always allies.
Engineers are problems solvers.
England imports Spanish produce.
England is going to win the match.
England is going to win the race.
England is proud of her poets.
English and German are two related languages.
English cannot be mastered overnight.
English has become an international language.
English has become my favorite subject.
English has many loan words from French.
English has spread all over the country.
English is a Germanic language.
English is a compulsory subject.
English is a global language.
English is a language spoken all over the world.
English is a very important language in today's world.
English is an international language.
English is difficult to learn.
English is difficult, isn't it?
English is hard, isn't it?
English is just one of over 2,700 languages in the world today.
English is not difficult to learn.
English is not easy for me.
English is not easy for us.
English is not easy, but it is interesting.
English is not hard to learn.
English is not my first language.
English is not my mother tongue.
English is not spoken here.
English is often considered an international language.
English is pretty hard, isn't it?
English is quite often the language of choice when speaking to an international audience.
English is spoken all over the world.
English is spoken in America.
English is spoken in Canada.
English is spoken in a lot of countries.
English is spoken in many countries.
English is spoken in many parts of the world.
English is studied all over the world.
English is taught in most countries.
English is the world's language.
English is used by many people.
English is used in every part of the world.
English isn't my first language.
Enjoy life while you may.
Enjoy the show.
Enjoy your evening.
Enjoy your food.
Enjoy your holidays.
Enjoy your trip.
Enjoy yourselves.
Enough is enough.
Enthusiasm is contagious.
Envious people die, but envy never does.
Equality is guaranteed by the Constitution.
Esperanto, Ido, Interlingua, Klingon, Lojban, Na'vi and Volapük are constructed languages.
Eternal love doesn't exist.
Eternity is a really long time.
Ethics is a branch of philosophy.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice, poverty, and oppression.
Europe is a continent.
Europe is in crisis.
Europe is more dangerous than I thought.
Europe is not a country.
Europeans like to drink wine.
Even I can't believe that.
Even I don't like to fight.
Even I don't understand.
Even Japanese can make mistakes when they speak Japanese.
Even Tom doesn't do that anymore.
Even Tom doesn't do that.
Even Tom doesn't know Mary.
Even Tom is surprised that Mary lied.
Even Tom knew that.
Even Tom knows that.
Even Tom looked annoyed.
Even Tom smiled.
Even Tom was baffled.
Even Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that.
Even a blind squirrel finds an acorn sometimes.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
Even a child can answer it.
Even a child can do it.
Even a child can do such a thing.
Even a child can read this.
Even a child can understand that.
Even a child knows right from wrong.
Even a child knows that.
Even a child would notice the difference.
Even a clock that is stopped shows the correct time twice a day.
Even after Tom had been drinking all night, he didn't find Mary attractive.
Even an expert driver can make a mistake.
Even children can read this book.
Even children can understand this book.
Even children know that.
Even chocolate contains vitamins.
Even during work, I secretly indulge my Internet addiction.
Even given what you say, I still think you are to blame.
Even if I had wished to stop, I couldn't.
Even if I have to sell my house, I'll keep my business going.
Even if I knew, I couldn't tell you.
Even if I knew, I wouldn't tell you.
Even if I use both hands, I can't crack an egg without breaking the yolk.
Even if I wanted to, I couldn't help you.
Even if he is busy, he will come.
Even if it costs 10,000 yen, I must buy the dictionary.
Even if it isn't true, it's still rather clever.
Even if it rains tomorrow, I'll go there.
Even if it rains, I will start early tomorrow morning.
Even if it rains, I'll go swimming tomorrow.
Even if it should rain, I will start tomorrow.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't give up my plan.
Even if you are not to blame, you should apologize.
Even if you aren't hungry, you should eat something. Otherwise you won't last until lunch time.
Even if you fail this time, you'll have another chance.
Even if you go away, I'll still passionately love you.
Even if you rack your brains over it, you won't solve it.
Even if you stop me, I won't change my mind.
Even in India things changed.
Even intelligent people are sometimes absent-minded.
Even men sometimes cry.
Even my mom knows.
Even my parents don't like me.
Even now, it wouldn't be possible.
Even now, we still doubt that he is the real murderer.
Even plastic surgery won't do anything for your ugliness.
Even small children have an innate sense of what's fair and what's not.
Even smart people sometimes do stupid things.
Even standing right in front of the stove, Tom still felt cold.
Even the brightest student couldn't solve the problem.
Even the dog ran away.
Even the experts took the painting for a genuine Rembrandt.
Even the fastest horse only has four legs.
Even the fastest runner in the world cannot run if he is hungry.
Even the greatest scholar can't solve that.
Even the most carefully made plans frequently result in failure.
Even the richest man cannot buy everything.
Even the strongest man can't stop a typhoon.
Even though I ate three bowls of cereal for breakfast, I'm still hungry.
Even though I disagree with what you say, I fully acknowledge your right to say it.
Even though I gave Tom detailed instructions, he wasn't able to do it correctly.
Even though I looked for it, I did not find it.
Even though I spoke French, they didn't understand.
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
Even though I was sitting in the sun, I still felt chilly.
Even though I was wearing gloves, my fingers were cold.
Even though I'm sitting here in the sun, I still feel cold.
Even though I've studied French for a long time, I'm still not very good at speaking it.
Even though Tom and Mary didn't like each other at first, they eventually became good friends.
Even though Tom begged Mary not to go, she left with the children and went to live with her mother.
Even though Tom didn't want to go to the party, he went because he thought he'd see Mary there.
Even though Tom didn't want to, he was too polite not to invite Mary to his party.
Even though Tom eats mostly junk food, he rarely gets sick and his BMI is in the normal range.
Even though Tom explained it in detail, I'm still not sure I really understand it.
Even though Tom has a very demanding job, he always makes time for Mary and the kids.
Even though Tom has had way too much to drink already, he's ordering another drink.
Even though Tom has never even tried eating one, he says he doesn't like kiwifruit.
Even though Tom is only sixteen, he looks like he's over twenty.
Even though Tom just had his fortieth birthday, I don't think he's over the hill yet.
Even though Tom left home early today, he was late for work.
Even though Tom thought the idea didn't make much sense, he said he'd give it a go.
Even though Tom told Mary about his problem, he didn't want to listen to any advice she had on how to solve it.
Even though Tom translated the letter for Mary, she didn't bother to read his translation.
Even though Tom tried to explain it to Mary, she still couldn't understand.
Even though Tom's in his forties, he still lives at home with his parents.
Even though eye witnesses saw the HMAS Sydney sink in 1941, it took 60 years to locate the wreck on the bottom of the Indian Ocean.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
Even though he has money, he isn't happy.
Even though he has turned twenty, he's still too timid to chat with girls.
Even though he lives next door, he doesn't even say hello to us.
Even though he was poor, he was happy.
Even though he was sick, he went to school.
Even though he was tired, he worked.
Even though he's 38, he's still dependent on his parents.
Even though he's very old, he's healthy.
Even though he's wealthy, he isn't happy.
Even though her vet told her not to, she continued to feed her dog raw vegetables.
Even though his phone was obviously ringing, Tom left it on the table and didn't answer it.
Even though it hadn't rained for several days, the ground was still quite wet underfoot.
Even though it is raining, he will play golf.
Even though it sounds strange, what she said is true.
Even though it was very cold, I went out.
Even though it was very cold, we went out.
Even though it's against company policy, Tom and Mary kiss and hug every time they meet.
Even though it's small, it's still a great car.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
Even though she grew up in Japan, she speaks fluent English.
Even though she was a heavy woman, she danced well.
Even though she was busy, she came to see me.
Even though the accident was six months ago, my neck still hurts.
Even though the media reports that she is a potential presidential candidate, does anyone really think that she is a potential president?
Even though the posted speed limit was 55 miles per hour, Tom was driving much faster.
Even though the speed limit was 55 miles per hour, Tom was driving much faster.
Even though the train was late, we made it in time.
Even though the weather was bad, I decided to go out.
Even though there were many cookies on the dish, I only ate three.
Even though we disagree on many things, there are some things we agree on.
Even when I was a child, I was able to swim well.
Even when she's not wearing makeup, she's very beautiful.
Even when you're old and gray, you should be able to enjoy life.
Even with all the money he has, he isn't happy.
Even with his glasses, he doesn't see very well.
Even without makeup, she's very cute.
Evening was drawing near.
Eventually I'd like to settle down and have a family, but not yet.
Eventually the salesman persuaded me to buy the expensive machine.
Eventually, Tom just gave up.
Eventually, Tom's curiosity overcame his fear.
Eventually, he hit the target.
Eventually, my curiosity overcame my fear.
Eventually, someone is going to have to tell Tom that he needs to behave himself.
Ever since Tom changed his mother-in-law's light bulbs, he's been in her good books.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.
Everett spoke for almost two hours.
Every Saturday we clean the whole house.
Every Sunday afternoon, I go to the bazaar.
Every boy and every girl was delighted.
Every boy and girl is taught to read and write.
Every boy here has a girlfriend.
Every bus is full.
Every child bowed to the teacher.
Every child misbehaves from time to time.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every country has its national flag.
Every crime must be punished.
Every day I either ride a bike or get the bus to work.
Every day Mary took baskets full of bread to the poor and cared for the sick.
Every day he says something different.
Every dog has his day.
Every door in the house is locked.
Every even number is the sum of two primes.
Every family has a skeleton in the closet.
Every girl dreams of owning a pony.
Every girl in the class had a crush on Tom.
Every house had a garden.
Every house in our neighborhood is practically identical.
Every journey begins with a single step.
Every little boy needs a hero.
Every man has his own strong points.
Every man has his price.
Every member but me believes what he says.
Every member of the cabinet was present.
Every minute counts.
Every monster starts off as someone's baby.
Every month, he saved ten thousand yen out of his income for his daughter.
Every morning I ask myself why.
Every now and then I like to have hot and spicy food.
Every now and then he drops in at this bookstore on his way home from the office.
Every now and then they went shopping together.
Every nunnery has its own rules.
Every one of her songs was a hit.
Every one of his songs was a hit.
Every part of the island has been explored.
Every person has a psychological need to feel that what he does is of some importance.
Every person is special.
Every person is unique.
Every problem can be solved.
Every problem has a solution.
Every recycled aluminium can saves enough energy to power a TV for three hours.
Every religion prohibits murder.
Every rose has its thorn.
Every rule has its exceptions.
Every school kid has played hooky at one time or another.
Every seat was full.
Every sentence in that book is important.
Every ship needs a captain.
Every ship needs an anchor.
Every single thing that you eat affects your body.
Every situation is different.
Every spring the river floods here.
Every student has free access to the library.
Every student has to leave school by six.
Every student of biology, anatomy, anthropology, ethnology or psychology is familiar with these facts.
Every student was asked his or her name and birthplace.
Every student was asked one question.
Every student who has graduated from our university has studied English with a native speaker for at least two years.
Every time I call on you, you're out.
Every time I go to see him, he is in bed.
Every time I hear that song, I think of my high school days.
Every time I look at this picture, I think of my father.
Every time I looked at him, he was yawning.
Every time I meet him, I think of my father.
Every time I practice shooting, I miss the target.
Every time I see him, he is smiling.
Every time I see this photo, I think of my father.
Every time I see this picture, I remember my father.
Every time I see you, I think of your mother.
Every time I went to see him, I found him at work.
Every time Tom shows up, it rains.
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.
Every time she coughed, she felt a great deal of pain.
Every time we go anywhere, something awful happens.
Every town in America has a library.
Every vote counts in an election.
Every vote counts.
Every website has a unique address.
Every word in this dictionary is important.
Every year, Hawaii moves ten centimeters closer to Japan.
Every year, millions of people die of hunger in Africa.
Everybody agreed with his idea.
Everybody applauded.
Everybody around here calls me Tom.
Everybody at school knows your name.
Everybody but Tom knows why his wife left him.
Everybody but Tom smiled.
Everybody calls him Tom.
Everybody came to the class on time.
Everybody can see that he has a crush on her.
Everybody dies.
Everybody expected that the experiment would result in failure.
Everybody falls in love at least once in their lives.
Everybody had a good year.
Everybody had a hard time.
Everybody had looked on him as a good-for-nothing.
Everybody has a right to his own opinion. However, sometimes it's better not to tell anybody what that opinion is.
Everybody has already left.
Everybody has secrets.
Everybody has their favorite drink.
Everybody hates Tom.
Everybody hates me.
Everybody in the park looked up at the hot air balloon.
Everybody in the picture is smiling happily.
Everybody in the picture is smiling.
Everybody in the village knew him.
Everybody in the village looks up to him.
Everybody in this world has to cope with a lot of difficulties.
Everybody is alive.
Everybody is busy except me.
Everybody is very busy getting ready for the New Year.
Everybody is very busy.
Everybody is waiting for you.
Everybody knew Tom was in trouble.
Everybody knew her true feelings.
Everybody knew.
Everybody knows for a fact that he is still alive.
Everybody knows his name.
Everybody knows she can speak English well.
Everybody knows she married him for his money.
Everybody knows that he is honest.
Everybody knows that where I come from.
Everybody knows that you are a liar.
Everybody knows that.
Everybody knows the news.
Everybody knows who you are.
Everybody knows.
Everybody laughed at his error.
Everybody laughed at the boy.
Everybody laughed at the way Tom was dancing.
Everybody laughed but Tom.
Everybody laughed except Tom.
Everybody laughed.
Everybody left.
Everybody lies.
Everybody likes Tom.
Everybody likes him.
Everybody likes his jokes.
Everybody likes money.
Everybody likes polite people.
Everybody likes to be appreciated.
Everybody looked disappointed.
Everybody looked up to him.
Everybody looked up.
Everybody looks up to him.
Everybody loves Tom.
Everybody loves her.
Everybody loves him.
Everybody loves it.
Everybody loves music.
Everybody loves my cat.
Everybody makes mistakes once in a while.
Everybody makes mistakes.
Everybody makes mistakes. That's why they put erasers on pencils.
Everybody needs food, don't they?
Everybody needs one.
Everybody paid.
Everybody panicked.
Everybody probably thinks I'm crazy.
Everybody ran outside.
Everybody sang at the top of their lungs.
Everybody sat down.
Everybody saw it.
Everybody says he's a nice person.
Everybody seeks happiness.
Everybody seems to like it.
Everybody seems to pay attention to what he says.
Everybody should have a purpose.
Everybody showed sympathy toward the prisoner.
Everybody smiled.
Everybody speaks well of him.
Everybody started cheering.
Everybody stayed.
Everybody thinks Tom is a bit crazy.
Everybody waited.
Everybody wanted me to do it.
Everybody wants permanent peace.
Everybody wants to be here.
Everybody wants to sit beside her.
Everybody was excited by the news.
Everybody was gathered in the living room.
Everybody was interested in the story.
Everybody was jealous of my success.
Everybody was listening intently to Tom's speech.
Everybody was listening intently to Tom.
Everybody was listening intently.
Everybody was looking for Tom.
Everybody was obeying the speed limit, so I knew there was likely a speed trap ahead.
Everybody was really happy.
Everybody was singing except me.
Everybody was so excited.
Everybody was staring at me.
Everybody was startled.
Everybody was very well dressed.
Everybody who was anybody was there.
Everybody wished he had been elected governor.
Everybody's crying.
Everybody's different.
Everybody's happy.
Everybody's safe.
Everybody's talking about it.
Everybody's tired.
Everyone I know has been there.
Everyone admired his courage.
Everyone agreed.
Everyone agrees with them.
Everyone around the area works hard.
Everyone aspires to have a better life.
Everyone attacked my opinion.
Everyone believed his lie.
Everyone believes his story since there is no evidence to the contrary.
Everyone but Tom is wearing a hat.
Everyone but Tom listened intently.
Everyone but Tom seemed to enjoy the party.
Everyone called me Tom.
Everyone can't afford a car.
Everyone changes.
Everyone deserves a second chance.
Everyone did a fabulous job.
Everyone does it.
Everyone does what he wants.
Everyone dreams.
Everyone else has gone home for the night.
Everyone else is fine.
Everyone escaped.
Everyone except Tom and Mary have already gone home.
Everyone except Tom and Mary left.
Everyone except Tom was wearing a tie.
Everyone except me knew it.
Everyone except me was invited.
Everyone fell asleep.
Everyone felt sorry for Tom.
Everyone had a good year.
Everyone had to learn French.
Everyone has a right to say what he thinks.
Everyone has been there.
Everyone has left except Tom and Mary.
Everyone has problems.
Everyone has really been wonderful.
Everyone has something to lose.
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
Everyone has their own bedroom.
Everyone has to start somewhere.
Everyone hates me.
Everyone here is named Tom.
Everyone hesitated.
Everyone hoped that she would win.
Everyone in her class likes her.
Everyone in my family is happy.
Everyone in our class passed the exam.
Everyone in the city appears to be constantly on the go.
Everyone in the class learned the poem by heart.
Everyone in the office knew about Tom's problems.
Everyone in the office was impressed with the way Tom handled the problem.
Everyone in the room burst out laughing when they saw Tom slip on the banana peel.
Everyone in town knows his name.
Everyone is against me.
Everyone is an artist.
Everyone is confused.
Everyone is different.
Everyone is doing it.
Everyone is drunk.
Everyone is entitled to be moody once in a while.
Everyone is entitled to his own opinion.
Everyone is equal before the law.
Everyone is free to contribute.
Everyone is going to call me a liar.
Everyone is happy.
Everyone is listening to the chairperson.
Everyone is looking forward to watching the game.
Everyone is more or less interested in art.
Everyone is ready.
Everyone is saying goodbye to Tom.
Everyone is smiling in the picture.
Everyone is special.
Everyone is talking about Tom.
Everyone is talking about it.
Everyone is tired.
Everyone is unique.
Everyone is very proud of you.
Everyone is waiting anxiously.
Everyone is waiting for Tom to say something.
Everyone is wearing name tags.
Everyone is welcome to come.
Everyone is welcome to participate.
Everyone knew he would not be back.
Everyone knew that.
Everyone knew the song.
Everyone knew what to do.
Everyone knows Tom has poor people skills.
Everyone knows about Tom.
Everyone knows it's true.
Everyone knows of his affection for that dog.
Everyone knows that Bell invented the telephone.
Everyone knows that he's still alive.
Everyone knows the law.
Everyone knows what they have to do, right?
Everyone knows you're in love with Tom.
Everyone knows.
Everyone laughed at him.
Everyone laughed except for Tom.
Everyone left, except for us.
Everyone lies to me.
Everyone liked Tom.
Everyone liked her because she was very kind.
Everyone likes Tom.
Everyone likes big pizzas.
Everyone likes her.
Everyone likes pizza.
Everyone likes winning.
Everyone looked at Tom again.
Everyone looked at Tom like he'd lost his mind.
Everyone looked at Tom.
Everyone looked happy.
Everyone looked.
Everyone loves him.
Everyone loves puppets.
Everyone loves that place.
Everyone loves their father.
Everyone makes a mistake at times.
Everyone makes mistakes.
Everyone mistakes me for my brother.
Everyone must die.
Everyone must protect their own family.
Everyone needs a place to call home.
Everyone needs friends.
Everyone needs to quit whining.
Everyone needs to stay focused.
Everyone noticed.
Everyone on the bus was asleep except the driver.
Everyone on the ship thought it was going to sink.
Everyone paid for his own meal.
Everyone praises the boy.
Everyone prayed.
Everyone rushed over to the other side of the ship to see what was happening.
Everyone sat down to eat.
Everyone sat down.
Everyone says that he's a good man.
Everyone screamed.
Everyone seeks happiness.
Everyone seems to agree.
Everyone seems to be busy but me.
Everyone seems to be happy but me.
Everyone seems to be hungry but me.
Everyone seems to be nervous.
Everyone should choose at least one poem and learn it by heart.
Everyone should exercise their right to vote.
Everyone should like that.
Everyone should periodically receive a physical examination.
Everyone smiled.
Everyone stared at Tom in disbelief.
Everyone started laughing.
Everyone stood.
Everyone survived.
Everyone thinks the same thing.
Everyone thought that Tom was going to be in Boston this weekend.
Everyone thought we were going to lose.
Everyone voted for it. No one voted against it.
Everyone waited.
Everyone wanted a piece of the cake.
Everyone wants money.
Everyone wants something.
Everyone wants to be loved.
Everyone wants what they can't have.
Everyone was confused.
Everyone was dressed in black.
Everyone was drinking.
Everyone was fingerprinted.
Everyone was happy.
Everyone was horrified.
Everyone was hungry.
Everyone was looking at Tom curiously.
Everyone was looking at me.
Everyone was satisfied.
Everyone was shocked by the news.
Everyone was shocked.
Everyone was stunned.
Everyone was there.
Everyone watched Tom carefully.
Everyone went to sleep.
Everyone who knew him admired him.
Everyone who knows him respects him.
Everyone who worked on that project became a millionaire.
Everyone working for us earns more than the minimum wage.
Everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true.
Everyone's asleep.
Everyone's busy.
Everyone's dead.
Everyone's different.
Everyone's eyes were fixed upon her.
Everyone's going.
Everyone's got a reason to celebrate the beginning of the new year. They all survived the old one.
Everyone's happy again.
Everyone's having a great time.
Everyone's holding their breath.
Everyone's in position.
Everyone's looking at Tom.
Everyone's saying it.
Everyone's shocked.
Everyone's sick.
Everyone's talking about what Tom did.
Everyone's very excited.
Everyone's waiting nervously to see what'll happen.
Everyone's watching Tom.
Everyone's watching.
Everyone, including Tom, was sitting around the table.
Everyone, say hello to Tom.
Everything I did, I did for Tom.
Everything I said was true.
Everything I told you is the truth.
Everything Tom did was groundbreaking.
Everything Tom predicted came true.
Everything Tom said was true.
Everything appears to be going well.
Everything around him was blown to pieces, yet he escaped without a scratch.
Everything at that store is 10 percent off the regular price.
Everything changed.
Everything changes over time.
Everything changes.
Everything comes at a price.
Everything comes to those who wait.
Everything depends on money.
Everything depends on what you will do.
Everything depends on whether you pass the examination.
Everything depends upon your decision.
Everything else doesn't matter now.
Everything else is boring.
Everything else is gravy.
Everything had happened so quickly.
Everything happened all at once.
Everything happened exactly as I had thought.
Everything happened too fast.
Everything happened very quickly and it was all very strange.
Everything happens for a reason.
Everything has been arranged.
Everything has its limit.
Everything has returned to normal.
Everything has to be perfect.
Everything he said was right.
Everything he says is correct.
Everything he says is true.
Everything he sees arouses his curiosity.
Everything he told us was pure fabrication.
Everything he's saying is slander.
Everything here is mine.
Everything in the world is connected to everything else.
Everything in this room needs to be sold.
Everything is OK.
Everything is all arranged.
Everything is all right at home.
Everything is all right now.
Everything is all right.
Everything is back to normal.
Everything is becoming more and more complicated.
Everything is covered with dust.
Everything is done by hand.
Everything is expensive here.
Everything is expensive in London.
Everything is extremely simple.
Everything is fine so far.
Everything is fine.
Everything is going too fast.
Everything is going very badly.
Everything is going very well.
Everything is going well with our plan.
Everything is gone.
Everything is in good order.
Everything is in place now.
Everything is never as it seems.
Everything is now back where it belongs.
Everything is now ready for you.
Everything is on schedule.
Everything is over.
Everything is possible.
Everything is ready.
Everything is ruined because of you.
Everything is subject to the laws of nature.
Everything is under control.
Everything is working.
Everything makes sense now.
Everything matters.
Everything must be handled very carefully.
Everything must come to an end.
Everything necessary has been done.
Everything points to his guilt.
Everything remains as it was.
Everything seemed OK.
Everything seemed to be OK.
Everything she does shows that she has character.
Everything that I saw was completely different from what I had expected.
Everything that Tom said is true.
Everything that could go wrong has gone wrong.
Everything turned out all right in the end.
Everything turned out satisfactory.
Everything was as exactly as I had thought it would be.
Everything was better in the past.
Everything was covered with snow as far as the eye could see.
Everything was exciting to me when I visited Spain for the first time.
Everything was fine at first.
Everything was fine until Tom started drinking.
Everything was lost.
Everything was perfect, down to the smallest detail.
Everything was perfect.
Everything was prepared well in advance.
Everything was ready for the trip.
Everything was simpler in those days.
Everything was taken from us.
Everything went according to plan.
Everything went as planned.
Everything went better than I had expected.
Everything went black.
Everything went smoothly.
Everything went well with him.
Everything went well.
Everything will turn out fine.
Everything will turn out for the best.
Everything's OK.
Everything's back to normal.
Everything's changed.
Everything's fine the way it is.
Everything's fine.
Everything's going to be OK.
Everything's going to be fine.
Everything's gone.
Everything's in order here.
Everything's negotiable.
Everything's ready.
Everything's under control.
Everywhere he went, he taught love, patience, and most of all, non-violence.
Everywhere looks beautiful in the spring.
Everywhere you look you can see children playing.
Everywhere you look you can see young couples kissing.
Exactly what does that mean?
Exactly what was supposed to happen?
Examinations interfere with the real purpose of education.
Examine it.
Examine this.
Exams are right after summer vacation.
Except for Tom, I didn't know anyone there.
Except for Tom, everyone laughed.
Except for Tom, the family was all watching TV in silence.
Except for leap years, February has only 28 days.
Except for one person, everybody went home.
Exceptions prove the rule.
Excessive concern with safety can be dangerous.
Excessive smoking will injure your health.
Excessive supply leads to a drop in prices.
Excitement is not good for a man of my age.
Excitement isn't good for a man of my age.
Exclamation marks are used much more frequently in German than they are in English.
Excuse me a minute.
Excuse me for a second.
Excuse me for being late.
Excuse me for interrupting you.
Excuse me for just one second.
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.
Excuse me sir, could you spare some change?
Excuse me, I didn't understand you.
Excuse me, I dropped a chopstick.
Excuse me, I dropped my chopsticks.
Excuse me, I have a request.
Excuse me, I think you're sitting in my seat.
Excuse me, I'm lost.
Excuse me, but I believe that is my seat.
Excuse me, but I believe that's my seat.
Excuse me, but I didn't order this.
Excuse me, but I think this is my seat.
Excuse me, but could you get me a glass of water?
Excuse me, but could you lend me a pen?
Excuse me, but could you show me the way to the station?
Excuse me, but could you tell me how to get to Central Park?
Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the bus stop?
Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the station?
Excuse me, but do you mind if I ask your name?
Excuse me, but do you mind if ask your name?
Excuse me, but let me have another look at the photo.
Excuse me, but may I put my books here?
Excuse me, but may I use the phone?
Excuse me, but may I use your telephone?
Excuse me, but might I use the phone?
Excuse me, but where is the men's shoe department?
Excuse me, but will you tell me the way to the station?
Excuse me, but will you tell me where to change trains?
Excuse me, but would you please tell me the way to the post office?
Excuse me, but you're mistaken.
Excuse me, can you tell me how to get to Central Park?
Excuse me, could you lower your voice a little?
Excuse me, could you please take a photo of my friends and me?
Excuse me, could you repeat what you've just said?
Excuse me, could you show me how to use the washing machine?
Excuse me, could you tell me the way to the post office?
Excuse me, do you know what time it is?
Excuse me, have you seen Tom?
Excuse me, how much are these?
Excuse me, how much do these cost?
Excuse me, how much does this cost?
Excuse me, how much is this?
Excuse me, is Tom here today?
Excuse me, is this seat taken?
Excuse me, may I come in?
Excuse me, please check the oil.
Excuse me, waiter. There's a hair in my soup.
Excuse me, what did you say?
Excuse me, what time is it?
Excuse me, what's the shortest route to the station?
Excuse me, where's the American Embassy?
Excuse me, where's the toilet?
Excuse me, which way is the post office?
Excuse me, would you show me how to use the washing machine?
Excuse me.
Excuse me. Do you speak English?
Excuse me. Where are the eggs?
Excuse me. Who are you?
Excuse my clumsiness.
Excuse us for the inconvenience.
Exercise every day.
Exercise is the best way to get rid of stress.
Exercise is to the body what thinking is to the brain.
Exercise makes your body strong.
Exhaust from factories pollutes the air.
Existing legislation does not take diversity of races into account.
Expect me when you see me.
Expect the unexpected.
Expect to be pleasantly surprised.
Expectations were low.
Expensive meals can't compensate for lack of sleep.
Experience can't be handed down — everyone has to come up with their own.
Experience counts in this job.
Experience is important.
Experience is the name many people give to their mistakes.
Experts say coffee prices are rising mainly because people are willing to pay more.
Explain it to me.
Explain that to me.
Explain to me in detail how it happened.
Explain to me why Tom isn't here.
Explain your idea more clearly.
Explain yourself.
Express your idea clearly.
Extremists kidnapped the president's wife.
Face the music.
Facebook is blocked in China.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Faded jeans are still in fashion.
Faith can move mountains.
Faith will move mountains.
Faithfulness is a virtue.
Falling rocks present a danger to climbers.
Family is family.
Fancy seeing you here.
Fanned by the strong wind, the flames spread in all directions.
Fantastic!
Far from being a failure, it was a great success.
Far from getting better, he gets worse every day.
Farmers always complain about the weather.
Farmers separate good apples from bad ones.
Farmers sow seeds in the spring.
Farther on, we came upon a house.
Fashion is not my specialty.
Fashions change quickly.
Fast food can be addictive.
Fasten the rope to the tree.
Fasten your seat belt.
Fasten your seatbelts.
Fat people generally sweat a lot.
Fate taught me a hard lesson.
Father bought me a camera.
Father bought me a model plane.
Father bought me a new bicycle.
Father bought me the book.
Father can swim, but Mother cannot.
Father drives to work.
Father gives Mother all his salary.
Father had his lawyer draw up his will.
Father has given up smoking for his health.
Father has gone fishing.
Father has lost his job, and what's worse, Mother has fallen ill.
Father is angry with me.
Father is busy putting up a wall.
Father is cooking dinner in the kitchen now.
Father is in his office.
Father is still in bed.
Father is watering flowers.
Father is well as usual.
Father isn't at home.
Father kept in touch with us by mail and telephone while he was overseas.
Father laid his hand on my shoulder.
Father let me drive his car.
Father mostly plays golf on Sunday.
Father often helps me with my homework.
Father stopped drinking.
Father suddenly got sick and we sent for a doctor.
Father takes a bus to his office.
Father takes a walk every day.
Father takes the 7:00 subway to work.
Father told us a very interesting story.
Father translated the French document into Japanese.
Father translated the German letter into Japanese.
Father usually comes home at eight.
Father wants me to study abroad while I am young.
Father wants to make me a doctor.
Father was crazy about the game.
Father will be back in a few days.
Favoring one gender over another won't win you any friends here.
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
Fear is a great motivator.
Fear of failure prevents many people from reaching their full potential.
Fear of pollution discouraged people from building homes near power plants.
Fear washed across the stock market.
Federico said that he would help us finish the painting.
Feed a cold and starve a fever.
Feed the bird!
Feed the bird.
Feel free to contact me.
Feel free to disagree, Tom.
Feel free to leave comments below.
Feel free to stay.
Feel free to take this.
Feel the rhythm and follow the beat.
Ferrets are playful and curious.
Fetch me my hat.
Few passengers survived the catastrophe.
Few people are able to understand his theories.
Few people attended the meeting.
Few people have two cars.
Few people have typewriters.
Few people know about the plan.
Few people know how to do it.
Few people know the true meaning.
Few people know what the word "hipster" means.
Few people live on the island.
Few people live to be 100 years old.
Few people live to be a hundred years old.
Few people live to be more than a hundred.
Few people live to be ninety years old.
Few people noticed her absence from the party.
Few people realize it, but it's true.
Few people seem to have read the book.
Few people speak my language.
Few people take the trouble to read all the terms and conditions of a contract before signing it.
Few people think so.
Few people visit me these days.
Few people were killed in the car accident.
Few people will admit their faults.
Few scientists understand the theory of relativity.
Few students are interested in reading this novel.
Few students can read Latin.
Few students could understand what he said.
Few students knew his name.
Few things give us as much pleasure as music.
Few treasures are worth as much as a friend who is wise and helpful.
Few visitors could see him.
Fewer people come here every year.
Fifteen more minutes and I'll be out of here.
Fifty of the machines are running at the present time.
Fight like a man!
Figure it out yourself.
Figure seven shows all the parts of the motor.
Fill in the blanks.
Fill in this application form and send it at once.
Fill it up, please.
Fill it up.
Fill it with regular, please.
Fill out the application.
Fill out the form in ballpoint.
Fill out this form, please.
Fill out this registration card, please.
Fill the blanks with suitable words.
Fill the bottle with water.
Fill the tires with air.
Fill up the tank.
Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake.
Finally we arrived at the lake.
Finally, I finished a painting.
Finally, I found a job.
Finally, I have time to reply to the mail that I have received these past three weeks.
Finally, he achieved his goal.
Finally, he attained his goal.
Finally, he reached his goal.
Finally, it's Friday.
Finally, on January eighth, the British attacked.
Finally, someone spoke.
Finally, we reached the top of the mountain.
Financial decisions are very important.
Find Tom.
Find a job.
Find an empty bottle and fill it with water.
Find out what Tom is doing here.
Find out what hotel they're living at.
Find out what kind of a person he is.
Find the differences.
Find yourselves a seat.
Finding an apartment can be difficult.
Finding one's way around Nagoya is very simple. All you do is look at the signs.
Finish drinking your milk.
Finish it before you go to bed.
Finish this.
Finish your work quickly.
Finish your work.
Finishing the job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.
Finishing this job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Finishing this job by Tuesday will be easy.
Fire burns.
Fire is very dangerous.
Fire!
Fires happen all the time in this area.
First I'll look at the prices, and only then I'll decide whether I'll buy the camera or not.
First come, first served.
First impressions are important.
First impressions can often be misleading.
First of all, I'm very worried about my daughter's health.
First of all, we have to plant all these seeds.
First things first.
First we have to carry the barbecue from the cellar out into the garden.
First, I don't have any money. Second, I don't have the time.
First, let's talk about Tom.
First, let's talk about what Tom did.
First, we have to find out where they live.
First, we will present a petition to the mayor and collect signatures.
First, you have to stop smoking.
First, you must protect yourself.
Fish and red wine don't go together.
Fish are cold-blooded animals.
Fish cannot live out of water.
Fish is an important food source for people.
Fish is cheap today.
Fish is expensive.
Fish live in the sea.
Fish live in the water.
Fish such as carp and trout live in fresh water.
Fish'n'chips is the most famous English food.
Fish, please.
Fishing is fun.
Fishing is not allowed here.
Fishing is prohibited here.
Fishing is the only thing Tom wants to do.
Five gallons of regular, please.
Five minutes of sun on a normal day can be worth more than a whole day of sun on holidays.
Five patients were in the waiting room.
Five plus three is eight.
Five times five is twenty-five.
Five times seven is thirty-five.
Five years have gone by since my father died.
Five years have passed since they came to Japan.
Fix the clock.
Fix the watch.
Flamenco shows are popular in the south of Spain.
Flash photography is not permitted beyond this point.
Flattery is like counterfeit money; it makes the one who receives it, poorer.
Flattery will get you nowhere.
Flexibility is one of the many advantages of working from home.
Flight 226 takes off at 10:30.
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.
Flour is made from wheat.
Flour is sold by the pound.
Flowers are growing in the meadow.
Flowers attract bees.
Flowers bloom.
Flying a kite can be dangerous.
Flying in darkness without adequate training is a major cause of light aircraft accidents.
Flying kites can be dangerous.
Fold the napkins and put one by each plate.
Fold the paper in the middle.
Follow Tom.
Follow behind me.
Follow him.
Follow me and I will show you the way.
Follow me.
Follow my advice.
Follow that car.
Follow the car.
Follow the rules.
Follow this road till you come to the river.
Follow your desire.
Follow your dreams.
Follow your sister's example.
Food and blankets were given to the refugees.
Food costs money.
Food is cheap in Germany.
Food is running out.
Food is still scarce in the region.
Food is too expensive.
Food must be chewed well to be digested properly.
Food shipments were blocked.
Food should be chewed before being swallowed.
Food shouldn't be wasted.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Foot-and-mouth disease is highly contagious.
Football is an old game.
Football is more popular than tennis.
Football is my favorite game.
Football is the most popular sport in Brazil.
Football was played in China in the second century.
For Hawking, writing this book was not easy.
For Tom, getting fired was an unexpected shock.
For a moment there, I thought he had gone mad.
For a refund, you must return the item unopened.
For a short period of time, wide neckties were in style.
For all I know, he could be in Paris right now.
For all I know, he was born in Italy.
For all I know, he's a criminal.
For all her riches, she's not happy.
For all his faults, Tom had a fundamental sense of decency.
For as long as Tom could remember, his parents had been overweight.
For dessert, Tom ordered chocolate parfait with vanilla ice cream.
For dinner, we went back to my place.
For example, do you like English?
For goodness' sake, don't say that!
For goodness' sake, please be nice to him.
For here, or to go?
For how long have you been studying Esperanto?
For me, it's important.
For me, reading at home is preferable to reading sitting beside strangers in a library.
For me, there is nothing more fun to do than to talk with him.
For me, time is not money.
For months, he did almost nothing.
For more information, please visit our website.
For more information, visit our website.
For now, I'd like to concentrate on this.
For one thing, I don't have any money. For another, I don't have the time.
For some reason the microphone didn't work earlier.
For some reason, it's not working.
For some reason, people have been avoiding me like the plague ever since I got back from India.
For someone who's supposed to be an expert, you don't seem to know much.
For that reason, he lost his job.
For the first time in more than 6 years, the unemployment rate is below 6%.
For the lack of something better to do, Tom decided to take a long walk.
For the millionth time, I'm sorry.
For the past 10 years, I've fed my dog dry dog food.
For the past month, we’ve had no snow at all.
For the time being, I am studying French at this language school.
For the time being, we don't need anything.
For their honeymoon they took a voyage around the world.
For this reason, I can't go with you.
For this reason, I cannot go with you.
For what purpose?
For years, Tom suffered from migraine headaches.
For your own safety, never ride in a car with a drunk driver.
Ford won by one hundred-seventeen votes.
Foreign investors backed off because of regional political unrest.
Foreign investors withdrew their money from the United States.
Foreigners are interesting, aren't they?
Forest conservation is an important issue all over the world.
Forests regulate the water cycle and take away harmful carbon dioxide.
Forget Tom.
Forget about her.
Forget about it.
Forget about that right now.
Forget about that.
Forget him.
Forget it!
Forget it.
Forget it. It's too risky.
Forget your troubles for a while and come and have dinner with us.
Forgive Tom.
Forgive me for wasting your time.
Forgive us.
Forks go to the left side of the plate, and knives go to the right.
Fort Moultrie had fewer than seventy soldiers.
Fortunately he didn't die in the accident.
Fortunately, I have a green thumb.
Fortunately, I made it to the class.
Fortunately, I've got you to talk to.
Fortunately, Tom didn't get seriously hurt.
Fortunately, Tom is still alive.
Fortunately, my son quickly adjusted to life in his new school.
Fortunately, no one was hurt.
Fortunately, no passengers were injured.
Fortunately, the weather was good.
Fortunately, they were able to escape.
Fortune smiled on him.
Forty people attended.
Forty people were present.
Forty years passed.
Forty-eight sailors are aboard.
Forty-eight sailors are on board.
Forty-eight sailors are on the ship.
Forward this to everyone you know.
Fossil fuel prices shot through the roof.
Fossil fuels won't be available forever.
Four families were killed in the fire.
Four men are singing.
Four more are needed to make fifty.
Four of my favorite Christmas carols are "Silent Night," "Joy to the World," "The First Noel" and "Away in the Manger."
Four people were in the car when the accident happened.
Four percent inflation is forecast for this year.
Four plus eighteen is twenty-two.
Four plus three is seven.
Four soldiers and twelve civilians were killed.
Four times five is twenty.
Four years from now, you'll have no competition.
France and Britain joined the invasion.
France and Britain were at war once again.
France borders Italy.
France is in western Europe.
France is to the south of England.
France was at war with Russia.
Frank Sinatra was an American singer.
Frankfurters were first sold in the United States in the 1860s.
Franklin Roosevelt became president in 1933.
Frankly speaking, I don't like her.
Frankly speaking, I don't like him.
Frankly speaking, I don't like the idea.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your haircut.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your idea.
Frankly speaking, I don't think you have what it takes to become a teacher.
Frankly speaking, I hate him.
Frankly speaking, I think he's a good boss.
Frankly speaking, he is more of a hypocrite than a patriot.
Frankly speaking, he is untrustworthy.
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.
Frankly speaking, he's wrong.
Frankly speaking, his new novel is not very interesting.
Frankly speaking, this novel isn't very interesting.
Frankly speaking, your way of thinking is out of date.
Frankly, I don't like what you're wearing.
Frankly, I don't like your idea.
Frankly, I'm not that impressed with his idea.
Frayed electrical cables can be very dangerous.
Frederick the Great introduced the potato to Prussia.
Freedom is not free.
Freeze!
French and Arabic are spoken in this country.
French bread is delicious.
French has many more vowels than Japanese.
French is a very interesting language.
French is definitely not a difficult language.
French is definitely not the easiest language to learn.
French is difficult, isn't it?
French is difficult.
French is her first language.
French is her native language.
French is my favorite subject.
French is not only spoken in France.
French is one of the languages I've always wanted to learn.
French is pretty hard, isn't it?
French is spoken here.
French is spoken in France.
French is spoken in a part of Canada.
French is the only foreign language I've ever studied.
French is the only foreign language that Tom knows.
French is their mother tongue.
French isn't an easy language.
French isn't my first language.
French isn't my native language.
French toast is delicious.
Fresh fruit and vegetables are good for your health.
Fresh fruit is good for you.
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health.
Fresh produce is sold at an open-air market.
Fresh vegetables contain many nutrients.
Friday is the day when she is very busy.
Friday is when I am least busy.
Fried food usually doesn't agree with me.
Friendliness is a language the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
Friends are always willing to help each other.
Friends are very important.
Friends don't let friends drive drunk.
Friendship and happiness cannot be separated.
Friendship is a matter of trust.
Friendship requires mutual trust.
Frogs are afraid of snakes.
Frogs eat flies.
From a very young age, Jorge Luis Borges had serious problems with his vision.
From above, one could see the river.
From across the room, you look like Tom.
From below, the house seemed very tall.
From here on out, it's smooth sailing.
From here, I can't see it.
From my point of view, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
From my point of view, it would be better to wait a little longer.
From now on, be more careful with your money.
From now on, let's eat lunch in the kitchen.
From now on, let's keep in touch.
From now on, try harder.
From now on, try to arrive on time.
From now on, we'll do it this way.
From now on, we'll have to spend less money.
From now on, we'll only speak French.
From now on, you're one of us.
From personal experience, I know that any encounter with him will leave a bad taste in your mouth.
From space, the world looks very small.
From the direction that he was going in, I would say he was headed to town.
From the moment Mary became the boss, she made herself very unpopular with her subordinates.
From the moment he arrived there, he kept on bothering his doctor to tell him when he would be able to go home.
From the time he was a small boy, Tom knew that he wanted to be a policeman.
From the way they talked, I presumed they were married.
From there, one could see perfectly.
From this point, we must proceed with caution.
From this point, we'll go on by car.
From time to time, I think about my mother who is no longer living.
From time to time, he goes to Tokyo on business.
From what I've heard, I think Tom is going to get fired.
From what he says, I don't think we should go.
From which station does the train leave?
From year to year, pollution is worsening.
Fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet.
Fry an egg for me.
Fry me an egg.
Fully booked for the night, the hotel had to turn away some late guests.
Funeral services will take place in the cathedral.
Funny, I don't remember that.
Fur coats are on sale.
Fur provides animals protection against the cold.
Furniture made of good materials sells well.
Furthermore, I still don't think this a huge cultural difference.
Galileo argued that the earth moves.
Galileo dropped two iron balls from the top of the tower.
Gamblers enjoy taking risks.
Gambling is illegal.
Gambling isn't one of Tom's vices.
Gangsters robbed a bank of thousands of dollars.
Gas is an important natural resource.
Gas seems to be escaping from the pipe.
Gas was escaping from a crack in the pipe.
Gasoline is scarce around here.
Gasoline is used for fuel.
Gasoline isn't cheap anymore.
Gasoline prices affect all of us one way or another.
Gazpacho is a cold tomato and vegetable soup from Spain.
Gee, I wish I had that problem.
General Montcalm attacked several British forts in 1757.
Generally speaking, Americans are very fond of coffee.
Generally speaking, Americans like coffee.
Generally speaking, Japanese women are modest.
Generally speaking, New Zealanders are taller than Japanese.
Generally speaking, boys can run faster than girls.
Generally speaking, history repeats itself.
Generally speaking, men are physically stronger than women.
Generally speaking, men can run faster than women can.
Generally speaking, men find it more difficult to talk about their feelings than women.
Generally speaking, savings are increasing.
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.
Generally speaking, what she says is right.
Generally speaking, women live longer than men.
Generally, Japanese people are shy.
Generally, men are taller than women.
Generally, women live 10 years longer than men.
Genius does what it must, and talent does what it can.
Genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety-nine per cent perspiration.
Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration.
George W. Bush choked on a pretzel and fainted.
George W. Bush was born in the state of Connecticut in 1946.
George Washington was born on the twenty second of February seventeen thirty two.
Gerhard Schroeder is the first German chancellor not to have lived through World War II.
German Shepherds are good at sniffing out drugs.
German cars are among the best.
German cars are very popular.
German forces attacked British soldiers near Amiens, France.
German is not an easy language.
German is not only spoken in Germany.
German men go to the hairdresser more often than German women.
German soldiers marched through France.
Germans have been warned not to eat cucumbers.
Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's.
Germany borders on France.
Germany did not want war with the United States.
Germany has no minimum wage.
Germany is about half the size of Texas.
Germany is about the same size as Japan.
Germany is famous for its beer.
Germany is in the middle of Europe.
Germany is one of the largest cheese producers in the world.
Germany of today is not what it was ten years ago.
Germany produced many scientists.
Germany shares a border with France.
Germany shares a border with the Netherlands.
Germany then had a powerful army.
Germany was allied with Italy in World War II.
Germany was once an ally of Italy.
Germs can cause sickness.
Germs can only be seen with the aid of a microscope.
Gestures are very important in human communication.
Get Tom on the phone.
Get Tom some food.
Get Tom something to drink.
Get Tom to help you.
Get a bicycle. You will not regret it, if you live.
Get a doctor in here.
Get a grip on yourself!
Get a move on kids or you'll miss the school bus.
Get a move on!
Get a move on.
Get an egg from the fridge.
Get an egg from the refrigerator.
Get away from here.
Get away from me.
Get away!
Get back before midnight, or you will be locked out.
Get back here.
Get back in the house.
Get back to the ship.
Get back to work right away.
Get back to work!
Get down from that ladder.
Get down from your horse.
Get down.
Get enough sleep.
Get her out of here.
Get him to help you with the work.
Get in touch with me as soon as you arrive here.
Get in touch with me.
Get in. I'll drive you somewhere.
Get into the car and wait for me.
Get it done as soon as possible.
Get it out of the house.
Get it ready at once.
Get it settled once and for all.
Get it, and put it on the fire.
Get lost!
Get me a chair, please.
Get me a towel.
Get me another beer.
Get me out of here.
Get me some water.
Get me some, too.
Get me something to drink.
Get me something to eat.
Get me the evidence.
Get me the newspaper.
Get me the scissors, please.
Get me up at eight.
Get my tool box.
Get off at the next stop.
Get off his back.
Get off my lawn.
Get off of me.
Get off of my roof.
Get off this ship right now.
Get off your high horse, Tom.
Get off your horse.
Get on in here.
Get on the bus.
Get on the horse.
Get on with it, Tom.
Get on with it.
Get on your knees.
Get out of bed!
Get out of bed.
Get out of here before I throw you out!
Get out of here quickly!
Get out of here! All of you!
Get out of here.
Get out of my bed.
Get out of my car.
Get out of my chair.
Get out of my house.
Get out of my kitchen.
Get out of my life!
Get out of my life.
Get out of my office.
Get out of my room!
Get out of my room.
Get out of my sight!
Get out of my way.
Get out of the car.
Get out of the classroom.
Get out while you can.
Get out!
Get over here and be quick about it!
Get over here.
Get ready for bed.
Get ready for school.
Get ready quickly.
Get real!
Get rid of her.
Get serious.
Get some rest.
Get some sleep, okay?
Get started.
Get that book for me.
Get that stupid look off your face.
Get the book.
Get them out of here!
Get them out of the way.
Get to it, Tom.
Get to the point!
Get to the point.
Get to work.
Get up at seven tomorrow morning.
Get up early tomorrow morning!
Get your clothes on.
Get your coat, Tom.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
Get your hands off me.
Get your paws off of me.
Get your things together.
Get yourself a decent suit.
Getting down this mountain will take about three hours.
Getting into a hot spring at Norikura is great.
Getting married is a serious matter.
Getting started is always difficult.
Getting your message across is much more important than trying to say it exactly like a native speaker would say it.
Ghosts exist.
Giant pandas live only in China.
Girls are crazy.
Girls are nothing but trouble.
Girls are strange sometimes.
Girls aren't welcome.
Girls begin puberty around the ages of ten to eleven, and boys around the ages of eleven to twelve.
Girls don't like you.
Girls were not allowed to go out with boys without a chaperone.
Give Tom a call.
Give Tom a kiss.
Give Tom a second chance.
Give Tom an inch and he'll take a mile.
Give Tom everything he asks for.
Give Tom the $300.
Give Tom what he needs.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for the rest of his life.
Give a man a mask and he'll tell the truth.
Give a yell if you need anything.
Give credit where credit is due.
Give help to anyone who needs it.
Give him a break!
Give him a hug.
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.
Give him my regards.
Give him plenty of work to do.
Give him the benefit of the doubt.
Give him time.
Give it a kick.
Give it a rest.
Give it a shot.
Give it a try.
Give it another shot.
Give it back to me!
Give it back.
Give it to anyone you like.
Give it to her.
Give it to him.
Give it to me!
Give it to me, please.
Give it to someone who needs it.
Give it up.
Give me a blank sheet of paper.
Give me a call if you need help.
Give me a call later.
Give me a call sometime.
Give me a chance to explain.
Give me a chance to make you proud of me.
Give me a copy of this book.
Give me a couple minutes to get dressed.
Give me a dozen oranges.
Give me a drink.
Give me a few.
Give me a glass of milk.
Give me a glass of water, please.
Give me a goodbye kiss.
Give me a hand with this case.
Give me a hand with this refrigerator.
Give me a hand, will you?
Give me a hand.
Give me a hand. If you do, I'll buy you a drink later.
Give me a head of cabbage.
Give me a hug.
Give me a kiss.
Give me a knife to cut this string with.
Give me a light, would you?
Give me a little ice cream.
Give me a little money.
Give me a little more water.
Give me a minute.
Give me a piece of chalk.
Give me a piece of paper.
Give me a reason.
Give me a ring if you find out anything.
Give me a ring tomorrow.
Give me a second chance.
Give me a telephone call when you get back.
Give me a white piece of paper.
Give me an example.
Give me an example. I don't understand.
Give me an orange.
Give me another beer.
Give me another chance.
Give me another couple of days to think it over.
Give me another cup of coffee.
Give me another cup of tea.
Give me another example.
Give me back my book. I need it again.
Give me back my ring.
Give me back the TV remote.
Give me back the book after you have read it.
Give me five days.
Give me five gallons of gas, please.
Give me half of it.
Give me just a little.
Give me my beer.
Give me my glasses.
Give me my money back.
Give me one reason why I shouldn't do that.
Give me some advice.
Give me some coffee if there is any left.
Give me some time to figure out what went wrong.
Give me some time to think it over.
Give me some water, please.
Give me something to drink.
Give me something to eat.
Give me something to write with.
Give me that iron ball.
Give me that one.
Give me the ball.
Give me the book.
Give me the car key, please.
Give me the equivalent in dollars.
Give me the green book.
Give me the gun.
Give me the key.
Give me the keys.
Give me the knife.
Give me the money in fives and tens.
Give me the salt, please.
Give me the spoon.
Give me three ice creams, please.
Give me three pieces of chalk.
Give me three pieces of salmon.
Give me time to think it over.
Give me time to think over it.
Give me two minutes.
Give me two pieces of chalk.
Give me what I want.
Give me your address and telephone number.
Give me your address.
Give me your attention, please.
Give me your car keys.
Give me your keys.
Give me your money or else I'll beat you up.
Give me your money.
Give me your opinion, please.
Give me your phone number.
Give me your phone.
Give me your shirt.
Give me your telephone number.
Give me your word that you won't do that.
Give my love to your parents.
Give my regards to Tom.
Give my regards to your parents.
Give peace a chance.
Give someone else a chance.
Give that to me, please.
Give that to me.
Give the book to whomever wants it.
Give them a couple of minutes.
Give them money.
Give them to her.
Give them to him.
Give them to me.
Give these children three pieces each.
Give this book to whoever wants it.
Give those cookies to Tom.
Give up smoking if you want to live long.
Give us a break.
Give us a hand.
Give us some space.
Give us something to work with.
Give us two knives and four forks, please.
Give your carpet to that person.
Give your passport number and your date of birth.
Given her inexperience, she has done well.
Giving up smoking isn't easy.
Glad to see you again.
Glass is made from sand.
Go ahead and ask Tom.
Go ahead and talk.
Go ahead and tell him if you want to.
Go ahead with your story.
Go ahead!
Go ahead, shoot me.
Go ahead.
Go along this street and turn right at the bank.
Go along this street and you'll come to the post office on the left.
Go and apologize to Tom.
Go and fetch Tom.
Go and find Tom.
Go and have a look.
Go and help Tom.
Go and help your brother.
Go and look for Tom.
Go and open the door.
Go and play with your friends.
Go and see for yourself what has happened.
Go and see who it is.
Go and speak to my colleague.
Go and talk to Tom.
Go and wake Mary up.
Go and wake Tom up.
Go away before they see you here.
Go away!
Go away.
Go back inside.
Go back outside.
Go back to bed.
Go back to sleep.
Go back to your room.
Go back to your seat.
Go back to your work.
Go brush your teeth.
Go do your homework.
Go down this road until you get to a traffic light and then turn left.
Go down this street three blocks.
Go find Tom.
Go find somebody who can help.
Go find someone else to play with.
Go for help.
Go get a drink of water.
Go get it.
Go get your helmet.
Go get your shoes polished.
Go have a beer.
Go home now.
Go home quickly.
Go home. Get some rest.
Go inside.
Go jump in the lake.
Go kiss someone else.
Go look for it.
Go on ahead. I'll catch up with you soon.
Go on, Tom, we're listening.
Go outside and play now.
Go over it again.
Go somewhere else.
Go straight ahead.
Go straight along this street.
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light.
Go straight, then turn right.
Go take a walk.
Go that way.
Go there with me.
Go there yourself.
Go through the orange door.
Go to bed.
Go to bed. It's a school night.
Go to school.
Go to sleep, Tom. You need to wake up early tomorrow morning.
Go to sleep.
Go to the doctor to get your prescription!
Go to the hospital.
Go to work, Tom.
Go to work.
Go to your room and wait there until I call you.
Go to your room!
Go to your room.
Go two blocks and turn left.
Go up the stairs.
Go up these stairs.
Go upstairs right now and clean your room.
Go wait outside.
Go wake Tom up and tell him breakfast is ready.
Go wake Tom up.
Go wake up Tom and tell him that breakfast is ready.
Go when you want.
Go with these men.
Goats do not like getting wet and will seek shelter quicker than sheep and other livestock.
God bless you!
God created man in his own image.
God created the earth in six days.
God created the heaven and the earth.
God created the world.
God exists.
God forbid that anything should happen to Tom.
God gave her a beautiful face and sweet voice.
God is our strength.
God knows that it is true.
God made the universe.
God must love the rich or he wouldn't divide so much among so few of them.
Going home last night, I saw her again.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Gold had been discovered in California.
Gold is a very expensive metal.
Gold is far heavier than water.
Gold is heavier than iron.
Gold is heavier than silver.
Gold is more precious than iron.
Gold is similar in color to brass.
Gold is the most precious of all metals.
Gold was discovered there.
Gold will not buy everything.
Golf is boring.
Golf is for rich people.
Golf is very popular in Japan.
Golf isn't my cup of tea.
Good afternoon.
Good books are always worth reading.
Good eating habits are essential.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Good evening.
Good fences make good neighbors.
Good for you.
Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know they are always are there.
Good luck convincing him.
Good luck with the new job.
Good luck. You'll need it.
Good luck. You're going to need it.
Good morning, everybody.
Good morning. How are you?
Good morning. It's time to wake up.
Good night and sweet dreams.
Good night, Tom.
Good night.
Good parents are the best teachers.
Good quality fruit is scarce in the winter and it costs a lot.
Good things come in small packages.
Good things come to those who wait.
Good traditions should be preserved.
Good words are worth a lot, but cost almost nothing.
Good work, Tom.
Good-looking people are good-looking no matter what they wear.
Goodbye and good luck.
Goodbye till tomorrow.
Goodbye!
Goodbyes are always sad.
Got it?
Government troops launched a pre-emptive attack on the insurgents, after receiving intelligence reports that they were planning an assault.
Grab a rag and help me clean up this mess.
Grab an umbrella.
Grab as much as you need.
Grab him.
Grades are important, but they are not everything.
Gradually the interest rate will increase.
Gradually the true meaning of what he said began to dawn on me.
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.
Graham Greene is my favorite author.
Graham Greene is one of my favorite authors.
Grammar is a very complex thing.
Grandfather is napping on the sofa.
Grandma likes watching TV.
Grandmother looks after the children during the day.
Grandmother mows the grass in the garden.
Grandmother's ashes are in an urn at the temple.
Grant took 14,000 prisoners.
Grapes are made into wine.
Gravity acts on everything in the universe.
Gravity is the natural force by which objects are attracted to each other.
Gravity stresses the human body.
Gray goes well with red.
Great men are not always wise.
Great progress has been made.
Great weather, isn't it?
Great, isn't it?
Greece cancels the referendum.
Greece has many islands.
Greece is an old country.
Greece was the cradle of western civilization.
Greedy people always want more stuff.
Greek is difficult to learn.
Greek is not an easy language.
Green doesn't go with red.
Green is my favorite color.
Green slime oozed out the pipe.
Green suits you.
Greenpeace is fighting an uphill battle to save the environment.
Greta Garbo was a Swedish actress.
Grief drove her mad.
Guards could hear everything they said.
Guess how much that cost me.
Guess what I want to do now.
Guess what I want to do.
Guess what I'm holding in my hand.
Guess what Tom said.
Guess what happened to me.
Guess what he told me.
Guess what that cost me.
Guess what? Tom and Mary broke up.
Guess who I am.
Guess who I saw today.
Guess who's coming for dinner.
Guess who's coming tonight.
Guess whose birthday it is today.
Guess whose middle name is Tom.
Guide dogs help blind people.
Gunpowder needs to be handled very carefully.
Guns are readily accessible to Americans.
Guns don't kill people, people with guns do.
Guns don't kill people. People kill people.
Gunshot residue was found on Tom's hands.
Gusty winds are making travel hazardous for high profile vehicles.
Guys are supposed to respect girls.
Guys, it's my time to go away.
Guys, we need to talk.
Gérard de Nerval wrote Journey to the East.
Habits are difficult to break.
Hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures.
Hackers break into computers without permission.
Had I known you'd be here, I wouldn't have come.
Had I known your telephone number, I would have called you.
Had I realized what you intended, I wouldn't have agreed.
Had he been there, would you have wanted to come?
Had he tried it once more, he would have succeeded in it.
Had it not been for your cooperation, I could not have finished the work in time.
Had it not been for your help, I couldn't have done it.
Had she been a friend of mine, I would have advised her not to do that.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
Half a million children still face malnutrition in Niger.
Half an hour passed.
Half of the apples are rotten.
Half of the apples were rotten.
Half of the melons were eaten.
Half of the students are absent.
Half of the world’s population lives in cities.
Half of them are students.
Half of these apples are rotten.
Half the students were absent.
Hamburgers have gone up this week.
Hamilton protested against British rule.
Hamlet is a play by Shakespeare.
Hand in your homework.
Hand it over.
Hand it to Tom.
Hand it to him.
Hand me that bag.
Hand me that book, please.
Hand me that broom.
Hand me the letter.
Hand me the remote.
Hand over your weapons.
Hands off.
Hands up! This is a robbery.
Hang in there.
Hang on a bit until I'm ready.
Hang on a minute.
Hang on a sec.
Hang on to it.
Hang on!
Hang on, Tom, it won't be long now.
Hang up your coat, please.
Hang your clothes here.
Hang your coat on the hook.
Hang your hat on the hook.
Happiness depends, not so much on circumstances, as on one's way of looking at one's life.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
Happiness is a delicate flower.
Happiness is a question of moderation.
Happiness isn't the destination, happiness is the journey.
Happy Easter!
Happy New Year!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy birthday!
Happy holidays.
Harajuku is one of the hottest places in Tokyo.
Hard labor was beginning to tell on his health.
Hard work and dedication will bring you success.
Hard work has made Japan what it is today.
Hard work has made him what he is.
Hard work is the price of success.
Hard work really does pay off.
Hardly anybody's happy today.
Hardly anyone even tries.
Hardly anyone ever comes to visit me.
Hardly anyone reads my blog.
Hardly anyone thinks that we are sisters.
Harshness should be avoided in those cases.
Harvard University was founded in 1636.
Has Flight 123 arrived?
Has Flight 123 been delayed?
Has Tom already been told about this?
Has Tom already looked for his ball in the closet?
Has Tom already told you what needs to be done?
Has Tom always been overweight?
Has Tom arrived yet?
Has Tom arrived?
Has Tom become crazy?
Has Tom been charged?
Has Tom called yet?
Has Tom calmed down?
Has Tom changed much?
Has Tom come back already?
Has Tom confessed to anything yet?
Has Tom eaten anything?
Has Tom eaten yet?
Has Tom ever asked you to help him?
Has Tom ever asked you to loan him money?
Has Tom ever been in love?
Has Tom ever fallen in love?
Has Tom ever kissed you?
Has Tom ever told you how he met Mary?
Has Tom ever written a letter in French?
Has Tom finished already?
Has Tom found his keys yet?
Has Tom kissed you, too?
Has Tom made any progress?
Has Tom paid the rent?
Has Tom promised to help us?
Has Tom really come back?
Has Tom received an invitation yet?
Has Tom returned?
Has Tom told Mary that he's married?
Has a Tom ever asked you to lie for him?
Has a solution been found?
Has any conclusion been reached?
Has anybody come?
Has anybody ever given serious thought to this?
Has anybody here been to Hawaii?
Has anybody seen my beer mug?
Has anybody seen my wallet?
Has anybody solved this mystery?
Has anybody spoken to Tom?
Has anyone ever broken your heart?
Has anyone ever told you that you have beautiful eyes?
Has anyone ever told you that you're beautiful?
Has anyone found Tom yet?
Has anyone talked to Tom about this?
Has anything changed?
Has anything like this ever happened to you before?
Has anything strange happened?
Has everyone gone crazy?
Has he arrived already?
Has he arrived yet?
Has he been saying bad things about Tom again?
Has he come yet?
Has he come?
Has he failed again?
Has he finished his homework yet?
Has he lived here for two years?
Has he paid back the money you lent him?
Has he told you anything definite?
Has it occurred to you that Tom might not want to be here?
Has it stopped raining?
Has prison changed him?
Has prison changed them?
Has she finished the book yet?
Has something changed?
Has something else happened?
Has something happened?
Has the Foreign Secretary arrived yet?
Has the bell rung yet?
Has the bell rung?
Has the boss ever asked you to work on Sundays?
Has the climate changed?
Has the evening paper arrived yet?
Has the fever gone down?
Has the jury reached a verdict?
Has the mailman already come?
Has the movie started yet?
Has the pain been this bad all week?
Has the shipment arrived yet?
Has the snow already melted?
Has the snow stopped yet?
Has the world gone mad?
Has there been any change in policy?
Has this ever happened to you before?
Has your dog ever bitten you?
Has your father arrived yet?
Have I answered your question?
Have I changed that much?
Have I disappointed you?
Have I done something to offend you?
Have I ever lied to you?
Have I ever met you before?
Have I forgotten anything?
Have I kept you waiting long?
Have I made myself clear?
Have I told you this joke before?
Have Tom come see me.
Have a beer with me.
Have a cup of milk. It will do you good.
Have a good Christmas.
Have a good day at school.
Have a good day at work.
Have a good look at this picture.
Have a good time.
Have a good weekend!
Have a good weekend, everyone.
Have a good weekend.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
Have a little of this cake.
Have a look at that picture.
Have a nice day.
Have a nice evening.
Have a nice flight.
Have a nice holiday.
Have a nice summer vacation.
Have a nice time.
Have a nice trip!
Have a nice vacation.
Have a nice weekend!
Have a nice weekend.
Have a piece of pie.
Have a safe journey home.
Have a safe journey.
Have a safe trip.
Have a seat, won't you?
Have a seat.
Have another cup of coffee.
Have another.
Have any letters arrived for me?
Have any of you read that book?
Have any of you seen Tom?
Have both of you already eaten?
Have courage.
Have dinner with us.
Have fun this summer!
Have fun with that.
Have fun.
Have him come.
Have him wait a moment.
Have it your own way.
Have more confidence in yourself.
Have patience for another day or two.
Have pity on me.
Have some ham.
Have some pity on me.
Have some.
Have the children eaten yet?
Have the police been notified?
Have the two of you met before?
Have them come in right now.
Have there been any calls for me?
Have there been any phone calls for me?
Have they announced the court's decision yet?
Have they arrived yet?
Have they called the meeting yet?
Have they connected the radio antenna?
Have they reported it to the police yet?
Have we met before?
Have we met?
Have we understood each other?
Have you actually ever tried it?
Have you already carried the boxes up to the attic?
Have you already chosen?
Have you already decided how you're going to take care of this problem?
Have you already decided what to do next Sunday?
Have you already eaten breakfast?
Have you already eaten supper?
Have you already eaten?
Have you already fed the dog?
Have you already finished your homework?
Have you already had breakfast?
Have you already read this book?
Have you already signed the contract?
Have you already started learning French?
Have you already told Tom about what happened to Mary?
Have you already tried not thinking of anything?
Have you already voted?
Have you always been a comedian?
Have you always been so selfish?
Have you always wanted to be a police officer?
Have you and Tom ever kissed each other?
Have you and Tom ever worked together?
Have you answered that letter yet?
Have you applied for a passport yet?
Have you arrived at a decision yet?
Have you asked the others?
Have you been able to confirm all of this?
Have you been able to contact Tom?
Have you been abroad?
Have you been fighting with the boy next door again?
Have you been here since?
Have you been married for a long time?
Have you been paying attention?
Have you been smoking?
Have you been stealing from me?
Have you been there?
Have you been to Boston before?
Have you been to Hokkaido?
Have you been to Kyoto?
Have you been to London before?
Have you been to London?
Have you been to any of the places on this list?
Have you been to this pub before?
Have you been waited on?
Have you been waiting a long time?
Have you begun studying English?
Have you begun studying French?
Have you bought any new clothes lately?
Have you bought the tickets?
Have you bought your Christmas gifts yet?
Have you bought your ticket already?
Have you called her yet?
Have you called him yet?
Have you called the boss already?
Have you changed anything?
Have you checked our supplies recently?
Have you checked the engine?
Have you checked the oil level recently?
Have you checked your calculations?
Have you chosen a topic?
Have you cleaned your room yet?
Have you come to save me?
Have you confirmed it?
Have you considered moving to Boston?
Have you considered therapy?
Have you counted the towels?
Have you decided on a name for the cat?
Have you decided on a name yet for the baby?
Have you decided to go to Australia?
Have you decided what to do yet?
Have you decided what you'll do?
Have you decided what you're going to do?
Have you decided whether or not you're going to sell your house?
Have you discovered anything new today?
Have you discussed this with Tom?
Have you discussed this with anyone?
Have you done all your homework?
Have you done the laundry?
Have you done this kind of thing before?
Have you done your Christmas shopping?
Have you dug up the potatoes?
Have you eaten breakfast yet?
Have you eaten dinner yet?
Have you eaten dinner?
Have you eaten lunch yet?
Have you eaten lunch?
Have you eaten supper yet?
Have you eaten the cake yet?
Have you eaten yet?
Have you eaten your dinner already?
Have you eaten?
Have you ever added an article to Wikipedia?
Have you ever applied for a job?
Have you ever assembled a computer by yourself?
Have you ever baked a pizza?
Have you ever been a witness in a court case?
Have you ever been abroad?
Have you ever been arrested?
Have you ever been betrayed by a friend?
Have you ever been betrayed by a good friend?
Have you ever been bitten by your dog?
Have you ever been fingerprinted?
Have you ever been in Boston before?
Have you ever been in a helicopter?
Have you ever been in love?
Have you ever been in trouble with the law?
Have you ever been inside Tom's house?
Have you ever been kissed?
Have you ever been married?
Have you ever been on TV?
Have you ever been on a cruise ship?
Have you ever been stuck in an elevator?
Have you ever been stung by a scorpion?
Have you ever been there?
Have you ever been to Africa?
Have you ever been to America?
Have you ever been to Boston before?
Have you ever been to Boston?
Have you ever been to Canada?
Have you ever been to Disneyland?
Have you ever been to France?
Have you ever been to Germany?
Have you ever been to Hawaii?
Have you ever been to Kyoto?
Have you ever been to Kyushu?
Have you ever been to London?
Have you ever been to Mexico?
Have you ever been to New York?
Have you ever been to a foreign country?
Have you ever been to the Black Sea?
Have you ever been to the Korean Peninsula?
Have you ever been to the United States?
Have you ever borrowed money from your company?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Have you ever built a house?
Have you ever caught a fish?
Have you ever cheated on an exam?
Have you ever cleaned your kitchen?
Have you ever climbed Mt. Aso?
Have you ever climbed Mt. Fuji?
Have you ever cut your finger with a knife?
Have you ever donated blood?
Have you ever done it?
Have you ever drunk carrot juice?
Have you ever dyed your hair?
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?
Have you ever eaten Mexican food?
Have you ever eaten Turkish food before?
Have you ever eaten Turkish food?
Have you ever eaten a banana pie?
Have you ever eaten alone in a restaurant?
Have you ever eaten an insect?
Have you ever eaten anything that made you hallucinate?
Have you ever eaten chocolate-covered popcorn?
Have you ever eaten in a restaurant alone?
Have you ever eaten insects?
Have you ever eaten raw fish?
Have you ever eaten teppanyaki?
Have you ever eaten tomatoes with sugar?
Have you ever eaten turkey?
Have you ever even seen a firefly?
Have you ever failed an exam?
Have you ever fed a crocodile?
Have you ever felt nauseous on a train?
Have you ever fixed your car by yourself?
Have you ever flown in a blimp?
Have you ever forgotten your phone number?
Have you ever found a four-leaf clover?
Have you ever given a speech in French?
Have you ever given money to a beggar?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Have you ever gone through the Straits of Magellan?
Have you ever gone to the beach with Tom?
Have you ever gone to work on Sunday?
Have you ever gotten a speeding ticket?
Have you ever gotten food poisoning?
Have you ever grilled fish?
Have you ever grown a beard?
Have you ever had a heart attack?
Have you ever had a pet?
Have you ever had a serious illness?
Have you ever had anything custom made?
Have you ever had food poisoning?
Have you ever had your fortune told?
Have you ever heard Tom play the clarinet?
Have you ever heard Tom sing?
Have you ever heard Tom speak French?
Have you ever heard her sing on stage?
Have you ever heard him sing?
Have you ever heard of Nessie?
Have you ever heard of him?
Have you ever heard of such a thing?
Have you ever heard someone speaking Esperanto?
Have you ever heard someone speaking French?
Have you ever heard someone speaking in French?
Have you ever heard that song sung in French?
Have you ever hired a maid?
Have you ever invited Tom to your parties?
Have you ever killed a lion?
Have you ever kissed a girl?
Have you ever kissed another girl?
Have you ever kissed another guy?
Have you ever known Tom to lie?
Have you ever left your office open?
Have you ever lent your car to someone?
Have you ever lied to your mother?
Have you ever lived in a big city?
Have you ever lived in a rural area?
Have you ever lost your luggage at the airport?
Have you ever loved a man?
Have you ever mentioned this to the teacher?
Have you ever met Tom's girlfriend?
Have you ever milked a cow?
Have you ever missed a plane?
Have you ever noticed how unhappy Tom seems to be?
Have you ever noticed that Tom's right ear is much larger than his left ear?
Have you ever noticed this before?
Have you ever painted this house?
Have you ever planted a tree?
Have you ever played baseball?
Have you ever played with Tom's dog?
Have you ever plucked a chicken?
Have you ever read a book in French?
Have you ever read a book written about Japan?
Have you ever read any Chinese poems?
Have you ever ridden a horse?
Have you ever ridden a mule?
Have you ever ridden in a hot air balloon?
Have you ever saved someone's life?
Have you ever seen Mt. Fuji? It is beautiful beyond description.
Have you ever seen Tom and Mary dancing together?
Have you ever seen Tom and Mary in the same room together?
Have you ever seen Tom do that before?
Have you ever seen Tom eat?
Have you ever seen Tom without his glasses on?
Have you ever seen Tom's mother?
Have you ever seen Tom's stamp collection?
Have you ever seen a UFO?
Have you ever seen a baby pigeon?
Have you ever seen a bear in this area?
Have you ever seen a cuckoo?
Have you ever seen a kangaroo?
Have you ever seen a koala?
Have you ever seen a lion?
Have you ever seen a panda?
Have you ever seen a puppet show?
Have you ever seen a purple butterfly?
Have you ever seen a shark over three meters long?
Have you ever seen a spider spinning its web?
Have you ever seen a tiger around here?
Have you ever seen a whale?
Have you ever seen an elephant fly?
Have you ever seen any famous people in this restaurant?
Have you ever seen any of Tom's paintings?
Have you ever seen anything like this before?
Have you ever seen anything like this?
Have you ever seen anything so beautiful?
Have you ever seen him swimming?
Have you ever seen it hail?
Have you ever seen people actually go into that cave?
Have you ever seen snow?
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?
Have you ever seen such a nice film?
Have you ever seen this movie before?
Have you ever slipped on a banana peel?
Have you ever smoked?
Have you ever sold a car?
Have you ever spent any time with Tom?
Have you ever spoken to Tom in French?
Have you ever spoken to Tom?
Have you ever stepped on a tomato?
Have you ever stirred your coffee with a fork?
Have you ever stolen anything?
Have you ever subscribed to any English language newspaper?
Have you ever sung in French?
Have you ever sworn at a policeman?
Have you ever swum in a lake?
Have you ever taken a lie detector test?
Have you ever taken your children to the beach?
Have you ever taught French to anyone?
Have you ever thought about baking your potatoes instead of frying them?
Have you ever thought about doing that?
Have you ever thought about donating your organs after you die?
Have you ever thought about writing a book?
Have you ever thought of becoming a nurse?
Have you ever thought of becoming a writer?
Have you ever touched a dolphin?
Have you ever translated a book?
Have you ever traveled by air?
Have you ever traveled by plane?
Have you ever traveled in a plane?
Have you ever tried Turkish food?
Have you ever tried acupuncture?
Have you ever tried feeding your dog peanut butter?
Have you ever tried telling a joke in French?
Have you ever tried to learn another language?
Have you ever tried to swim across this river?
Have you ever visited Kyoto?
Have you ever visited Rome?
Have you ever visited the Statue of Liberty?
Have you ever wanted something so much that you'd do anything to get it?
Have you ever warmed yourself by a fire?
Have you ever watched sumo wrestling?
Have you ever watched this film?
Have you ever won a prize?
Have you ever wondered how many stars are in the sky?
Have you ever wondered what might've happened if Tom hadn't been here?
Have you ever written a book?
Have you ever written a computer program?
Have you ever written a letter to Tom?
Have you fed the dog yet?
Have you fed the dog?
Have you fed the horse?
Have you figured it out yet?
Have you figured out the math problem yet?
Have you finished cleaning your room yet?
Have you finished dinner?
Have you finished it?
Have you finished knitting that sweater?
Have you finished reading that book?
Have you finished reading the book I lent you last week?
Have you finished reading the book?
Have you finished reading the novel?
Have you finished studying?
Have you finished talking?
Have you finished what you were doing?
Have you finished yet?
Have you finished your English homework yet?
Have you finished your French homework yet?
Have you finished your coffee?
Have you finished your homework?
Have you finished your preparations for the trip?
Have you finished your work?
Have you finished?
Have you fired Tom?
Have you fixed the thermostat?
Have you forgiven Tom?
Have you forgotten about me?
Have you forgotten everything we've done for you?
Have you found a place to live?
Have you found an answer to this question?
Have you found any good solution?
Have you found anything?
Have you found something?
Have you found your contact lenses?
Have you given any more thought to what I told you?
Have you gone completely mad?
Have you gone mad?
Have you gone nuts?
Have you got any plans?
Have you got something to crack these nuts?
Have you gotten everything ready for tomorrow?
Have you gotten used to eating Japanese food yet?
Have you gotten used to living in the dorm?
Have you guys lost your minds?
Have you guys seen Tom?
Have you guys seen the news?
Have you had a chance to talk to Tom yet?
Have you had breakfast yet?
Have you had dinner already?
Have you had lunch?
Have you handed in your homework?
Have you heard Tom's music?
Have you heard about the accident?
Have you heard any good jokes lately?
Have you heard anything about the organization?
Have you heard anything from Tom?
Have you heard from him since he left for America?
Have you heard from your sister lately?
Have you heard her speaking English?
Have you heard that a burglar broke into my neighbor's house?
Have you heard the good news?
Have you heard the latest news about the war?
Have you heard this story already?
Have you heard what I said?
Have you heard whether Tom got the job?
Have you known Tom long?
Have you known her since 1990?
Have you known him for a long time?
Have you learned to drive a car?
Have you learned your lesson?
Have you looked in a mirror recently?
Have you looked outside lately?
Have you lost your mind?
Have you made a decision yet?
Have you made a decision?
Have you made any New Year's resolutions?
Have you made any new friends recently?
Have you made sure the door is locked?
Have you made up your mind about what you are going to give Mary for her birthday?
Have you made up your mind to come with me?
Have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays?
Have you made up your mind yet?
Have you made your decision yet?
Have you measured it?
Have you met Tom's new girlfriend?
Have you met him already?
Have you met the new boss?
Have you met the new family on the block?
Have you noticed anything out of the ordinary?
Have you noticed anything strange?
Have you noticed anything suspicious?
Have you noticed anything unusual?
Have you paid all the bills?
Have you paid the bill yet?
Have you paid the rent?
Have you paid your phone bill?
Have you paid your taxes?
Have you picked out a name yet for the baby?
Have you prepared everything for tomorrow?
Have you put up your Christmas tree already?
Have you read Tom Jackson's new book?
Have you read any interesting books lately?
Have you read that book?
Have you read the Latin classics?
Have you read the book Tom bought for you?
Have you read the book yet?
Have you read the manual?
Have you read the owner's manual?
Have you read this article?
Have you read this book already?
Have you read this book yet?
Have you read this yet?
Have you read today's paper?
Have you really already found a new job?
Have you really talked to Tom?
Have you received Tom's invitation?
Have you received an answer to your letter?
Have you received an invitation from Tom?
Have you received the letter?
Have you recently taken a trip anywhere?
Have you said anything to Tom?
Have you seen Tom since he's shaved his head?
Have you seen a brown wallet around here?
Have you seen a little girl with short black hair?
Have you seen any movies lately?
Have you seen any movies recently?
Have you seen anything unusual lately?
Have you seen enough?
Have you seen her?
Have you seen him before?
Have you seen it?
Have you seen me dance?
Have you seen my camera?
Have you seen my car keys?
Have you seen my glasses anywhere?
Have you seen my jacket?
Have you seen my new car?
Have you seen my pen?
Have you seen my red tie?
Have you seen my son?
Have you seen my watch?
Have you seen my wife?
Have you seen that movie?
Have you seen the Grand Canyon?
Have you seen the news?
Have you seen the recipe book that I wrote?
Have you seen this man?
Have you seen this?
Have you sent him a Christmas card yet?
Have you set a date for your wedding?
Have you shown Tom the new book you bought?
Have you sold it yet?
Have you solved all the problems yet?
Have you spent a lot of time in therapy?
Have you spoken to your parents about this?
Have you stopped beating your wife?
Have you taken a bath yet, Takashi?
Have you taken out the trash?
Have you taken your medicine yet?
Have you taken your temperature?
Have you talked to Tom about this?
Have you talked to Tom recently?
Have you told Tom what to buy?
Have you told Tom why he shouldn't be doing it that way?
Have you told Tom why you don't like him?
Have you told Tom's mother?
Have you told anyone about this problem?
Have you told her mother?
Have you told him yet?
Have you told me everything?
Have you told your parents?
Have you traveled anywhere recently?
Have you tried it before?
Have you tried it yet?
Have you tried restarting your computer?
Have you tried restarting your router?
Have you tried that store?
Have you tried this before?
Have you visited a zoo in your country?
Have you walked the dog already today?
Have you washed the car yet?
Have you wondered why Tom doesn't come here anymore?
Have you worked the puzzle out?
Have you written a book?
Have you written in your diary today?
Have you written to Tom?
Have you written your report?
Have your own way.
Have your parents met your girlfriend yet?
Haven't I paid you enough?
Haven't I seen you before?
Haven't I suffered enough?
Haven't I told you everything already?
Haven't we met before?
Haven't you and Tom ever danced together?
Haven't you ever heard of Rio de Janeiro?
Haven't you returned those books yet?
Having a few extra batteries handy is never a bad idea.
Having a small flashlight in your pocket may come in handy.
Having been convicted of murder, he was sentenced to life imprisonment.
Having been written in haste, the book has a lot of errors.
Having done my homework, I could finally watch television.
Having failed four times, he didn't try anymore.
Having failed twice yesterday, he doesn't want to try again.
Having finished it, he went to bed.
Having finished lunch, we went skating.
Having heard the story before, she didn't want to hear it again.
Having lived in Tokyo, I know the city well.
Having read the book, I could answer all the questions.
Hawaii enjoys good weather the year round.
Hawaii is a popular tourist resort.
Hawking went back to his studies.
Hawks are birds of prey.
Hay is for horses.
He abandoned all hope.
He abandoned his family.
He abandoned the idea.
He abused our trust.
He accelerated his car and overtook me.
He accepted her gift.
He accepted his appointment as chairman.
He accepted my idea.
He accepted our offer.
He accepted reluctantly.
He accepted the job.
He accepts gifts from students.
He accidentally hit his thumb with the hammer.
He accommodated the traveler for the night.
He accomplished his mission.
He accomplishes whatever he sets out to do.
He accumulated a large fortune.
He accused her of having lied to him.
He accused me of being a liar.
He accused me of having stolen his watch.
He achieved his aim at last.
He achieved his goal.
He acknowledged his fault.
He acknowledged his faults.
He acknowledged me by lifting his hat.
He acquainted her with his plan.
He acquired American citizenship.
He acted as my guide.
He acted as our guide.
He acted foolishly.
He acted in his own interest.
He acted like a lunatic.
He acted like a madman.
He acted the part of King Lear.
He acted without thinking.
He acts as if he were a king.
He acts like a tough guy.
He acts quickly.
He acts very shy in her presence.
He adapted himself to circumstances.
He adapted himself to his new life.
He adapted his plan to the new situation.
He added a little sugar and milk to his tea.
He added a little sugar to the coffee.
He added that he didn't believe it.
He added to his savings.
He adhered to the original plan.
He admired his friend's work.
He admired my new car.
He admitted he had taken bribes.
He admitted his defeat.
He admitted his guilt.
He admitted his mistakes.
He admitted that he had committed the crime.
He admitted that he had stolen the treasure.
He admitted that he stole the gold.
He adopted the orphan.
He adores his grandfather.
He advanced me a week's wages.
He advised caution.
He advised us against doing it.
He advocated abolishing the death penalty.
He agreed to give us an interview.
He agreed to what they said.
He agreed with me.
He agrees with my opinion.
He aimed at the bird.
He almost died.
He almost got away with it.
He also saw it.
He also speaks French.
He always ate fruit for dessert.
He always conceals his intentions.
He always forgets to say goodbye to people when leaving.
He always gets home at 6:00 p.m.
He always gets home at six o'clock in the evening.
He always goes to work at 8:00 a.m.
He always insists on having everything his own way.
He always invites himself for dinner.
He always keeps his promises.
He always keeps his room as neat as a pin.
He always keeps his word.
He always leaves for work at 8:00 a.m.
He always leaves home at seven.
He always looked happy, but never was.
He always plays well.
He always relies on other people.
He always shows great determination in everything he undertakes.
He always sings in the shower.
He always speaks of the government with contempt.
He always speaks well of her.
He always takes advantage of the mistakes made by his rivals.
He always takes his time in everything he does.
He always talks as if he knows everything.
He always tells the truth.
He always tells vulgar jokes.
He always treats me like a child.
He always tries to have his own way.
He always tries to see the good in others.
He always values his wife's opinions.
He always wants to have his own way.
He always wears a blue shirt.
He always wears blue shirts.
He always wears dark clothes.
He always wears dark glasses.
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.
He amused the children by showing them some magic.
He amused us with a funny story.
He and I are brothers.
He and I are classmates.
He and I are cousins.
He and I are friends.
He and I are kindred spirits.
He and I are pretty much the same build.
He and I are teachers.
He and I can not speak Spanish.
He and I discussed the waste problem in terms of recycling.
He and I share a room.
He and I stayed at the hotel.
He and his friend sat on the bench.
He and his wife tried to work out their problems, but couldn't.
He angrily closed the door.
He angrily tore up the letter from her.
He announced the next singer.
He annoyed us with his complaints.
He answered by saying that he could swim well.
He answered incorrectly.
He answered my question easily.
He answered my question with a "no."
He apologized to me for his rudeness.
He apologized to the employee.
He appealed to our emotions.
He appeared honest.
He appeared hungry.
He appeared on TV last night.
He appeared thinner every day.
He appeared young.
He appears to be strong and healthy.
He applied for the job and got it.
He applied for the position.
He appreciates Japanese culture.
He approached the door.
He argued that the new policy was bound to drive the economy into recession.
He argues about everything he's told to do.
He armed himself with a pistol.
He arrived as soon as he could.
He arrived at midnight.
He arrived at the station at seven.
He arrived at the station out of breath.
He arrived at the station.
He arrived earlier than usual.
He arrived here safely yesterday.
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
He arrived in time for the meeting.
He arrived in time.
He arrived late.
He arrived rather late.
He arrived safely.
He arrived shortly after.
He arrived too early.
He arrived very early this morning.
He arrived with me.
He asked Lincoln to say a few words.
He asked a favor of me.
He asked a question about it.
He asked a very good question.
He asked about the others.
He asked after you.
He asked for a beer.
He asked for a lot of money.
He asked for money.
He asked for more money.
He asked for my advice.
He asked for my pardon.
He asked her questions.
He asked her some questions.
He asked her to call him later.
He asked her to read it for him.
He asked her to remain in the job.
He asked her where she lived.
He asked his father to take him to the store.
He asked his friend for advice.
He asked his teacher for advice.
He asked his teacher several questions.
He asked me a question.
He asked me for help.
He asked me for money.
He asked me for more money than was necessary.
He asked me if I had slept well the night before.
He asked me if I knew his father.
He asked me if I liked mathematics.
He asked me if I was busy.
He asked me my age, my name, my address, and so forth.
He asked me some questions about the math test.
He asked me the way to the museum.
He asked me to dance.
He asked me to do it.
He asked me to open the door.
He asked me to pass him the salt.
He asked me to speak more slowly.
He asked me to throw the ball back.
He asked me to wait there until he came back.
He asked me to wake him up on time.
He asked me to.
He asked me two questions.
He asked me what I needed.
He asked me what was the matter with me.
He asked me where she lived.
He asked me whether I had slept well last night.
He asked me whether I was busy.
He asked me whether anybody was there.
He asked me whether he should go on to university.
He asked me whether she was coming.
He asked me who had painted the picture.
He asked me who painted the picture.
He asked my mother.
He asked the man to help him.
He asked the policeman how many people had been killed in traffic accidents the previous day.
He asked the president to do something.
He asked us not to make any noise.
He aspires to become a teacher.
He assumed full responsibility for it.
He assumed full responsibility.
He assumed the leadership of the political party.
He assured me of his help.
He ate a box of chocolates.
He ate all of it.
He attained his goal.
He attempted suicide.
He attempted to climb the fence to no avail.
He attempted to escape.
He attempted to swim across the river.
He attended the meeting as the company representative.
He attended the meeting in my place.
He attends medical conferences.
He attributed his failure to bad luck.
He attributed his success to good luck.
He attributes his poverty to bad luck.
He avenged his father.
He avoided looking at her.
He avoids me.
He baked muffins.
He bakes bread in a very old oven.
He banged his fist on the table.
He banged his head.
He banged his knee.
He beat the dog with a stick.
He became a Catholic.
He became a cameraman after he graduated from college.
He became a famous actor.
He became a famous singer.
He became a great musician.
He became a pianist.
He became a policeman.
He became a sailor.
He became a singer against his parents wishes.
He became accustomed to working in the office.
He became blind because of the accident.
He became famous all over the world.
He became famous thanks to his mother.
He became famous.
He became financially independent.
He became furious.
He became interested in mathematics.
He became irritated.
He became more and more famous.
He became more mature with the passing of the years.
He became rich overnight.
He became rich through hard work.
He became rich.
He became sad when he found out.
He became so ill that he died two hours later.
He became the company president when he was thirty.
He became world famous.
He began a new life.
He began buying gold in huge amounts.
He began his meal by drinking half a glass of ale.
He began running.
He began singing.
He began to cry.
He began to eat his breakfast.
He began to feel afraid.
He began to feel ill.
He began to get restless because of that noise.
He began to look into the matter.
He began to play an old song.
He began to run.
He began to sing.
He began to sweat.
He begged for his life.
He begged us to go with him.
He behaved as if he were crazy.
He behaved badly.
He behaved himself like a man.
He behaved in a strange manner.
He behaved like a child.
He behaved like a madman.
He behaves like a child.
He behaves very naturally.
He believed that blacks could win their fight for equal rights without violence.
He believed that the earth was round.
He believes every word I say.
He believes everything that I say.
He believes in Santa Claus.
He believes in the existence of ghosts.
He believes in the supernatural.
He believes that he can prove it.
He believes that the story is true.
He believes that there is a spy among us.
He believes whatever I say.
He belittles others to make himself feel important.
He belongs to the diplomatic corps.
He belongs to the planning section.
He belongs to the soccer club.
He belongs to the upper class.
He bent over the girl and kissed her.
He bet two pounds on the horse.
He betrayed his country.
He betrayed my confidence.
He betrayed us by telling the enemy where we were.
He betrayed you.
He blackmailed me.
He blamed me for not coming.
He blamed me for the accident.
He blamed others for his own failure.
He blew all his money.
He blew on the tip of his fingers.
He blew out the candle.
He blocked my way.
He blushed with shame.
He boarded a plane bound for Los Angeles.
He boasted of his courage.
He boils water in a coffee pot.
He bores everybody.
He borrowed his friend's car for a few days.
He bought a book and gave it to his father.
He bought a bottle of cheap wine.
He bought a box of candy.
He bought a car.
He bought a double-barreled shotgun.
He bought a lot of flour and oil.
He bought a new car.
He bought a new pair of gloves.
He bought a new pair of shoes.
He bought a number of books at the bookstore.
He bought a small house in Kyoto.
He bought a thimble.
He bought an English book at a bookstore.
He bought eggs and milk from a farmer.
He bought himself a dog.
He bought his daughter a new dress.
He bought it for five dollars.
He bought me a new dictionary.
He bought pencils, notebooks, dictionaries and so on.
He bought that house because his wife liked it.
He bought the land for the purpose of building his house on it.
He bought the picture for next to nothing.
He bought two horses at the fair.
He bought us some drinks.
He bought vegetables and some fruit.
He bowed his head.
He bowed to me as he left the room.
He bowed to me as he passed by.
He bowed to the Queen.
He bragged about it.
He breathed deeply before entering his boss's office.
He breathed his last breath.
He breathed his last.
He bribed the judge and got off scot-free.
He broke his arm and they had to put splints on it.
He broke his left arm.
He broke his leg in the baseball game.
He broke his promise, which was a big mistake.
He broke his word.
He broke in on our conversation.
He broke into a house.
He broke my heart.
He broke the flower vase on purpose.
He broke the law.
He broke the window intentionally.
He broke the window on purpose.
He broke the world record.
He broke up the chair for firewood.
He broke up the concrete block with a hammer.
He brought his dog to school.
He brought his lunch today.
He brought me coffee, when I had asked for tea.
He brought me to the bus stop.
He brought us sad news.
He brushed his hat.
He bugged her with questions.
He built a doghouse with his son on Sunday.
He built a fence around his house.
He built a new house for himself.
He built himself a house.
He built them on an assembly line.
He bumped his head against the ceiling.
He burned the croutons.
He burst into laughter.
He burst into tears.
He burst out laughing.
He buttoned up his coat before walking out the door.
He buys and sells leather goods.
He buys only what'll be useful for him.
He calculated that it would cost him 100 dollars.
He calculated the speed of light.
He called a cab for me.
He called at my house.
He called for beer.
He called her cell phone.
He called her every other day.
He called her mobile.
He called his mother up from the airport.
He called me a cab.
He called me a taxi.
He called me up almost every day.
He called me up from Tokyo.
He called off the trip.
He called up his uncle as soon as he got to Matsuyama.
He called us at the top of his lungs.
He calls her up every night.
He came about two.
He came after you left.
He came again after a week.
He came all the way from Chicago.
He came all the way from Nikko to see me off.
He came at about four o'clock.
He came at dawn.
He came at me with a knife in his hand.
He came back after dark.
He came back after many years.
He came back after two days.
He came back at 5 o'clock.
He came back at nine o'clock.
He came back before eight.
He came back by way of Honolulu.
He came back from America.
He came back from Canada.
He came back from China.
He came back last August.
He came back many years later.
He came back not because he was homesick, but because he was running short of money.
He came back soon.
He came back two days later.
He came by bus.
He came close to losing an eye.
He came down the hill on his bicycle.
He came down to breakfast.
He came down with a cold and had to be away from work.
He came first.
He came from Tokyo yesterday.
He came from a tiny mountain town.
He came from another country.
He came from the south.
He came here again.
He came here ten minutes ago.
He came here to help me.
He came home at almost midnight.
He came home dead tired.
He came home exactly at ten.
He came home late in the evening.
He came home late last night.
He came home very late.
He came in and immediately sat down.
He came in person.
He came in quietly in order not to wake the family.
He came in spite of bad weather.
He came in spite of the heavy snow.
He came into the room.
He came just as I was leaving.
He came late as usual.
He came late, as is often the case with him.
He came out from behind the curtain.
He came out from where he was hiding.
He came out of the shower naked.
He came out on top.
He came several times.
He came to Berlin as a teacher.
He came to Japan when he was 10 years old.
He came to Japan when he was a boy of ten.
He came to London by way of Siberia.
He came to Tokyo at the age of three.
He came to Tokyo in search of employment.
He came to ask us to help him.
He came to my house on the pretext of seeing me.
He came to my office yesterday.
He came to my rescue.
He came to pick me up.
He came to school after a long absence.
He came to see me three days before he left for Africa.
He came to see you yesterday.
He came.
He can also speak Russian.
He can barely read.
He can be counted on.
He can be proud of his father.
He can be relied on.
He can be trusted.
He can bend an iron rod with his hands.
He can both speak and write Russian.
He can come.
He can count up to ten with his fingers.
He can dish it out, but he can't take it.
He can do five somersaults without breaking a sweat.
He can do it better than me.
He can do it well, and you can do it even better.
He can do whatever he likes with the money.
He can even play the drums.
He can hardly speak.
He can hardly walk.
He can imitate the rest of the family.
He can make himself understood in English.
He can move quietly and quickly.
He can no longer wait.
He can only criticize people behind their backs.
He can only speak a little English.
He can play a flute.
He can play tennis.
He can play the flute.
He can play the piano better than I can.
He can play the piano, the flute, the guitar, and so on.
He can read English easily.
He can read and write.
He can read well.
He can read.
He can run fast.
He can run faster than I can.
He can run faster than me.
He can scarcely write his name.
He can speak 10 languages.
He can speak French well.
He can speak French, and obviously English.
He can speak Japanese.
He can speak Russian as well.
He can speak Russian, too.
He can speak a little English.
He can speak and write French.
He can speak both English and French very well.
He can speak five languages.
He can speak not only English but also French.
He can speak not only English but also German.
He can speak only a little English.
He can swim a mile.
He can swim fast.
He can swim faster than any other boy in his class.
He can swim like a fish.
He can swim very fast.
He can swim well.
He can swim.
He can talk to spirits.
He can write with either hand.
He can't afford a new car.
He can't afford to buy a new car.
He can't afford to get married.
He can't answer their questions.
He can't be ill.
He can't be smart if he can screw up something like that.
He can't be under thirty.
He can't buy a car.
He can't buy himself a car.
He can't come with us.
He can't control himself.
He can't control his desires.
He can't cook very well.
He can't count.
He can't do it.
He can't do that.
He can't even read, let alone write.
He can't explain what happened.
He can't handle it.
He can't handle the truth.
He can't have said such a stupid thing.
He can't make a decision.
He can't read it.
He can't read.
He can't resist sweets.
He can't see the forest for the trees.
He can't sing well.
He can't sing.
He can't speak English.
He can't speak much English.
He can't stay long.
He can't stick to anything very long.
He can't stop laughing.
He can't stop us.
He can't swim at all, but when it comes to skiing, he is the best.
He can't swim.
He can't take a joke.
He can't take care of himself.
He can't take his eyes off her.
He can't tell what is written on the paper.
He can't walk any more.
He can't work properly until he's had his cup of joe.
He cannot afford a holiday.
He cannot afford it.
He cannot afford to buy a car, much less a house.
He cannot answer their questions.
He cannot be a poet.
He cannot be relied on.
He cannot be saved.
He cannot be trusted.
He cannot have been there yesterday.
He cannot have done it by himself.
He cannot have done such a thing.
He cannot have said such an unreasonable thing.
He cannot play guitar.
He cannot stop her.
He cannot stop him.
He cannot stop it.
He cannot stop me.
He cannot stop us.
He cannot swim.
He cannot tell wool from cotton.
He cannot write English without making mistakes.
He cared for his mother after his father died.
He carelessly forgot the camera in the bus.
He cares a lot about his reputation.
He carried a bag full of apples.
He carried a cane.
He carried a rifle on his shoulder.
He carried her luggage to the train.
He carried his grandfather on his back.
He carried on with his experiment.
He carried six boxes at a time.
He carved me a wooden doll.
He catches colds easily.
He caught a big fish.
He caught a cold.
He caught hold of a rope and saved himself.
He caught the ball with his left hand.
He caught the chicken.
He caught three fish.
He changed his mind daily.
He changed his mind.
He changed schools last year.
He chased the thief.
He cheated on me.
He cheated on the test by copying from the girl in front.
He cheated on the test by copying his friend's answers.
He checked in at a good hotel.
He checked the calculations again just to make sure.
He chipped the edge of the tea cup.
He chose the wrong man to pick a fight with.
He chose them at random.
He chose three beautiful roses for her.
He claimed his share of the profits.
He claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal.
He claims that he is a painter.
He claims to have visions from God.
He cleaned his room on Sunday.
He cleansed the wound before putting on a bandage.
He cleared his throat before starting the lecture.
He cleared his throat.
He cleared the roof of snow.
He climbed Mt. Fuji.
He climbed down from the tree.
He climbed over the fence.
He climbed the stairs.
He climbed the tree without difficulty.
He climbed to the very top of the mountain.
He climbs trees easily.
He closed his eyes.
He closed the door.
He collapsed to his knees.
He collected a lot of stamps.
He comes at noon.
He comes back from Sydney today.
He comes from England.
He comes from Geneva.
He comes from Genoa.
He comes from Hangzhou.
He comes from Wales.
He comes from a small but wealthy town.
He comes from the middle class.
He comes from the south.
He comes here almost every day.
He comes here every three days.
He comes here once a month.
He comes home almost every weekend.
He comes round once a week.
He comes to Tokyo once a year.
He comes to see me nearly every day.
He comes to see me once in a while.
He comes to see my son now and then.
He comes to visit us every now and then.
He commanded me to leave the bedroom immediately.
He commanded me to leave the room immediately.
He commanded me to shut the gate.
He committed a serious crime.
He committed suicide by hanging himself.
He committed suicide by jumping off a bridge.
He committed suicide.
He compared the copy with the original.
He compared the imitation with the original.
He complained about the noise.
He complained that he was unfairly treated.
He complained that his age was beginning to tell on him.
He complained that the soup was too hot.
He complains all the time.
He concealed the book under his coat.
He concealed the fact from me.
He concentrated on his studies.
He concentrated on that.
He confessed all his sins.
He confessed his crime.
He confessed his guilt.
He confessed that he had fallen in love with me.
He confessed that he was guilty.
He confided in me about his love affair.
He confirmed that it was the wreck of the Titanic.
He confirmed that something was wrong with his car.
He congratulated me on my success.
He conserved his energy for the next game.
He considers himself the center of the universe.
He consoled himself with the thought that it might have been worse.
He constantly criticizes other people.
He continued his work after a short break.
He continued singing.
He continued the experiment.
He continued to work.
He contracted an incurable disease.
He contracted malaria while living in the jungle.
He contracted that illness many years ago.
He contradicted himself several times in his testimony.
He contributed a lot of money.
He contributed to the good of the community.
He controls himself admirably.
He convinced me of his innocence.
He convinced me that it was not his fault.
He convinced us of his innocence.
He cooked me dinner.
He cooked up a good excuse for not going to the party.
He coughed.
He could be in the gymnasium.
He could die.
He could do it.
He could do nothing but watch.
He could get the information by reading the letter.
He could hardly make himself understood.
He could hardly wait to hear the news.
He could no longer restrain himself.
He could not answer that question.
He could not believe his eyes.
He could not carry out his plan.
He could not come because of his illness.
He could not control his anger.
He could not forsake his friend in trouble.
He could not go out because of the heavy rain.
He could not help laughing at her jokes.
He could not resist the temptation.
He could not sleep because of the heat.
He could not speak French well.
He could not speak clearly.
He could not stand being kept waiting so long.
He could not swim.
He could not walk any further.
He could speak French.
He could still be alive somewhere.
He could swim fast enough to pass the test.
He couldn't attend the meeting because he was sick.
He couldn't bear the heat.
He couldn't bear the thought of leaving her.
He couldn't bring himself to believe her story.
He couldn't bring himself to shoot the deer.
He couldn't carry out his first plan.
He couldn't come because he was sick.
He couldn't concentrate on the conversation.
He couldn't control the horse.
He couldn't convince her of her mistake.
He couldn't do such a thing.
He couldn't find the house.
He couldn't fulfill the promise he made to his father.
He couldn't get his ideas across to the students.
He couldn't go out because of the snow.
He couldn't have put it more plainly.
He couldn't help laughing at it.
He couldn't pass the entrance examination.
He couldn't resist the temptation.
He couldn't speak because the audience was too noisy.
He couldn't stand the bitterness of the coffee.
He couldn't start the motor.
He couldn't stop smiling.
He couldn't take it any longer.
He couldn't tell green from blue.
He couldn't think where to hide it.
He countered their proposal with a surprising suggestion.
He crawled out of bed.
He crawled out of the window.
He cried and cried.
He cried out for help in a loud voice.
He cried out for help.
He crossed his legs.
He crossed over to England.
He crossed the Pacific Ocean in a sailboat.
He crossed the street.
He cut down a tree in his garden.
He cut down on drinking.
He cut his sister a piece of bread.
He cut off a branch from the tree.
He cut off a slice of meat.
He cut off two meters of the rope.
He cut the apple in half.
He cut the envelope open.
He danced all night long.
He dances gracefully.
He dared not jump over the brook.
He dashed out of the store.
He deals fairly with people.
He deals in furniture.
He deceived his friend.
He deceived me.
He decided he would put off his departure.
He decided not to go to the meeting.
He decided not to go.
He decided on that.
He decided on the red car.
He decided to become an author.
He decided to feed his dog the rabbit that he had shot earlier that day.
He decided to get on with the plan.
He decided to put off his departure.
He decided to quit smoking.
He decided to submit his resignation.
He decided to trust the lawyer with the document.
He decided to write in his diary every day.
He declined my proposal.
He declined their invitation.
He declined to answer the questions put to him.
He declined to comment.
He dedicated himself to painting, without thinking of fame or fortune.
He dedicated himself to research.
He dedicated his life to medical work.
He dedicated his whole life to helping poor people.
He dedicates himself to research.
He deemed it wise to accept the offer.
He defeated his enemy.
He defeated his opponent in the election.
He definitely wanted to start a fight.
He delivered a speech.
He delivers newspapers.
He demanded a replacement for the broken part.
He demanded better pay.
He demanded that his salary be increased.
He demands immediate payment.
He denied everything.
He denied having been involved in the affair.
He denied having done it.
He denied having met her.
He denied having said such a thing.
He denied having stolen the money.
He denied having written to me.
He denied it.
He denied knowing anything about it.
He denied that he had accepted the bribe.
He denied that he knew that man.
He denied the accusation.
He denied the rumor.
He denies having done it.
He denies having said so.
He denies himself nothing.
He described exactly what happened.
He described his own experience.
He described the incident in detail.
He deserved it.
He deserved to be hanged.
He deserves a promotion.
He deserves the prize.
He deserves the punishment.
He deserves to know the truth.
He designed the car.
He developed his talent for painting after fifty.
He devoted all his time to the study of history.
He devoted himself to the study of English literature.
He devoted his life to education.
He devoted his whole life to science.
He devotes himself to his work.
He devoured his meal.
He dictated several letters to his secretary.
He did a cartwheel.
He did a great job.
He did a lot for his people, but he could have done much more.
He did a pretty good job.
He did a real snow job on my daughter.
He did a very foolish thing.
He did as I told him.
He did badly at school.
He did both at the same time.
He did exactly as I had told him.
He did exactly what I told him to do.
He did his best to carry out the plan.
He did his duty.
He did his work painstakingly.
He did it as he had been told.
He did it at his own risk.
He did it for fun.
He did it for money.
He did it for the good of the community.
He did it for the money.
He did it himself.
He did it in good faith.
He did it just for fun.
He did it not for me but for himself.
He did it not once, but twice.
He did it only for my sake.
He did it out of curiosity.
He did it out of kindness.
He did it right away.
He did it simply out of curiosity.
He did it the old fashioned way.
He did it while he was drunk.
He did it without malice.
He did not accept my apologies.
He did not accept their invitation.
He did not believe the election was lost.
He did not buy it after all.
He did not come back before ten o'clock.
He did not come till noon.
He did not come.
He did not eat anything yesterday.
He did not get up early.
He did not go out, but sat down.
He did not have enough money.
He did not have much time to work on his speech.
He did not know what to say.
He did not prepare for his examination.
He did not put up his hand.
He did not read the book.
He did not realize where it had come from.
He did not return home till midnight.
He did not say a word to us.
He did not see anyone else at the station.
He did not seem sure of his answers.
He did not sleep a wink.
He did not speak at all.
He did not speak unless spoken to.
He did not want her to leave.
He did not work on Sunday night.
He did nothing but cry.
He did nothing but read newspapers.
He did nothing but watch TV all day.
He did nothing wrong.
He did the best he could.
He did the crossword with ease.
He did the opposite.
He did the reverse of what I asked.
He did the right thing.
He did the unthinkable.
He did the work better than anyone else.
He did the work in two days.
He did the work to the best of his ability.
He did well for a beginner.
He did well in all subjects and, above all, in mathematics.
He did what I told him to do.
He did what I wanted right away.
He did what he had been told.
He did what he promised to do.
He did what he was told.
He did what his conscience dictated.
He did what they told him.
He didn't agree to my proposal.
He didn't answer the phone, so I sent him an email.
He didn't attend the meeting.
He didn't believe it at first.
He didn't calm down until much later.
He didn't care about going to Heaven.
He didn't carry out his promise.
He didn't come back to the base yesterday.
He didn't come on time.
He didn't come to school yesterday.
He didn't come to the last meeting.
He didn't dare say anything.
He didn't divulge the information, not even under pain of torture.
He didn't do any work.
He didn't drink the milk.
He didn't eat anything yesterday.
He didn't even say goodbye.
He didn't fear death.
He didn't find what I hid.
He didn't fulfill his obligations.
He didn't get her joke.
He didn't get in until 2 o'clock in the morning.
He didn't get paid for it.
He didn't get the joke.
He didn't give me time to think.
He didn't go there. Neither did I.
He didn't have enough money to ride home on the train.
He didn't jump high enough to win a prize.
He didn't keep his appointment.
He didn't keep his promise that he would telephone me soon.
He didn't know Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet.
He didn't know how to express himself.
He didn't know that.
He didn't know what to do next.
He didn't know what to say.
He didn't like being poor.
He didn't listen to music.
He didn't make public what he had discovered there.
He didn't need to bring an umbrella.
He didn't notice the change.
He didn't notice the small video camera above the traffic signal.
He didn't open his mouth all afternoon.
He didn't order dinner yet.
He didn't participate in the discussion.
He didn't respond to my question.
He didn't return until it was already too late.
He didn't reveal his identity.
He didn't run fast enough to catch the train.
He didn't say a single word.
He didn't say a word.
He didn't say anything.
He didn't say in which year he was born.
He didn't see a thing.
He didn't see anybody.
He didn't see anything.
He didn't shed a tear.
He didn't show up at the breakfast.
He didn't show up at the party last night.
He didn't show up at the party yesterday evening.
He didn't show up.
He didn't speak to me at all.
He didn't speak to me for several days.
He didn't start to paint until he was thirty.
He didn't stop talking.
He didn't study at all.
He didn't succeed in explaining what he wanted.
He didn't take an umbrella with him.
He didn't tell a lie. As a matter of fact, he told the whole truth.
He didn't tell the truth.
He didn't want to antagonize her.
He didn't want to disappoint his mother.
He didn't want to do it.
He didn't want to get in trouble.
He didn't want to sell the book.
He didn't want to talk about it further.
He didn't win the prize, but he came close to it.
He died a few days later.
He died a few hours later.
He died a happy man.
He died a sad death.
He died an unnatural death.
He died and his soul went to hell.
He died as he was returning to England.
He died at the age of seventy.
He died before the ambulance arrived.
He died doing what he loved.
He died fighting in the Vietnam War.
He died five years ago.
He died from lack of oxygen.
He died from overwork.
He died last year.
He died of a drug overdose.
He died of a heart attack.
He died of lung cancer.
He died of natural causes.
He died of old age two years ago.
He died of that disease.
He died on the day his son arrived.
He died one year ago.
He died peacefully in bed at the age of 86.
He died recently.
He died ten years ago.
He died three years ago.
He died when he was 54 years old.
He died without having made a will.
He died yesterday.
He disappeared in the crowd.
He disappeared into a dark corner at the back of the shop.
He disappeared without a trace.
He disappeared.
He disclaimed all responsibility for the accident.
He disclosed to me that he had been in prison.
He discovered a new star.
He discovered that he had made a mistake.
He disguised himself as a woman.
He dislikes me.
He dislocated his arm.
He dislocated his shoulder.
He dismissed most of his men.
He disregarded my advice.
He distanced himself from politics.
He divided one million dollars among his five sons.
He divided the apples among the five of us.
He divorced his wife last month.
He does a kind act once a day.
He does everything very quickly.
He does his duty.
He does not believe in evolution.
He does not care for any sport involving team work or quick responses to other players.
He does not care for ice cream.
He does not come here every day.
He does not get up early.
He does not have a particle of honesty in him.
He does not have any relatives at all.
He does not have to do this.
He does not know how to behave at the table.
He does not know how to drive a car.
He does not know how to solve the problem.
He does not know what it is to be poor.
He does not know.
He does not like cats.
He does not like tennis.
He does not like us.
He does not listen.
He does not live in Sendai.
He does not live there any more.
He does not look up to his parents.
He does not need a wife to look after him.
He does not seem to be able to catch on to what she is saying.
He does not smoke.
He does not study hard enough.
He does not take care of his children.
He does not understand modern technology.
He does not watch TV at all.
He does nothing but complain from morning till night.
He does nothing but play all day.
He does nothing but read books all day long.
He does this all the time.
He does twenty push-ups every morning.
He does well considering that he has no experience.
He doesn't allow interruptions.
He doesn't always come late.
He doesn't believe me at all.
He doesn't care a bit about me.
He doesn't care about anything.
He doesn't care about money.
He doesn't care for sweet things.
He doesn't care much for baseball.
He doesn't charge much.
He doesn't come here every day.
He doesn't do stupid things like that.
He doesn't drink anymore.
He doesn't drink.
He doesn't earn enough money to live on.
He doesn't eat anything except fruit.
He doesn't eat anything other than fruit.
He doesn't eat meat, does he?
He doesn't eat raw fish.
He doesn't eat this, does he?
He doesn't even remember what happened last night.
He doesn't get jokes.
He doesn't have a computer.
He doesn't have a hat on.
He doesn't have a job. He's retired.
He doesn't have a sister.
He doesn't have a ticket.
He doesn't have any children.
He doesn't have any friends to talk to.
He doesn't have any friends.
He doesn't have any pets.
He doesn't have any real friends.
He doesn't have as many books as she does.
He doesn't have enough experience.
He doesn't have enough money to travel.
He doesn't have his medication.
He doesn't have his phone on him.
He doesn't have the ability to do the work properly.
He doesn't have the guts to say no to my plan.
He doesn't have the ticket.
He doesn't have the time to play cards.
He doesn't have to go to school.
He doesn't have to know.
He doesn't just speak French, he speaks Spanish as well.
He doesn't know English at all.
He doesn't know English.
He doesn't know French at all.
He doesn't know any better.
He doesn't know any of us.
He doesn't know how to play golf.
He doesn't know how to play the guitar.
He doesn't know how to swim.
He doesn't know how to write a letter in English.
He doesn't know me.
He doesn't know much about Japan.
He doesn't know the difference between good and evil.
He doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
He doesn't know what it is to be poor.
He doesn't know what to do with his money.
He doesn't know yet.
He doesn't lie.
He doesn't like any sport.
He doesn't like being told what to do.
He doesn't like coffee.
He doesn't like eggs.
He doesn't like fish.
He doesn't like oranges.
He doesn't like to lose.
He doesn't like to wait until the last moment to do something.
He doesn't like traveling by air.
He doesn't like traveling by plane.
He doesn't like us.
He doesn't listen to me.
He doesn't listen.
He doesn't live far away.
He doesn't live here anymore.
He doesn't live there anymore.
He doesn't look happy to see us.
He doesn't look his age.
He doesn't look like an intelligent boy.
He doesn't love his girlfriend.
He doesn't love me.
He doesn't mean to be mean. It's just his nature.
He doesn't mince words.
He doesn't mind risking his life.
He doesn't need to get up so early.
He doesn't obey his parents.
He doesn't play video games.
He doesn't realise that he's tone deaf.
He doesn't realize that he doesn't have time for these things.
He doesn't realize what he's lost.
He doesn't remember anything.
He doesn't remember me anymore.
He doesn't seem to be a very intelligent boy.
He doesn't seem to be an American.
He doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
He doesn't seem to be heading for the town.
He doesn't show any sign of life.
He doesn't show his true feelings.
He doesn't sing very well.
He doesn't sing well.
He doesn't sleep.
He doesn't smoke and he doesn't drink vodka.
He doesn't smoke.
He doesn't speak my language.
He doesn't speak our language.
He doesn't stand a chance.
He doesn't take care of his children.
He doesn't take vacations.
He doesn't talk to me anymore.
He doesn't tell lies.
He doesn't understand me.
He doesn't understand sarcasm.
He doesn't understand what you say.
He doesn't understand you.
He doesn't want kids.
He doesn't want to admit that he has a drinking problem.
He doesn't want to get in trouble.
He doesn't want to get involved.
He doesn't want to go to school today.
He doesn't want to go to school.
He doesn't want to see you.
He doesn't want to talk about it.
He doesn't want to wait for you.
He doesn't want to work in a factory.
He doesn't want you to know.
He doesn't watch TV at all.
He doesn't watch television at all.
He doesn't work as hard as he used to.
He doesn't work here anymore.
He doesn't work here now, but he used to work here.
He doubted the truth of her story.
He dozed off.
He drank a beer.
He drank a bottle of wine.
He drank a cup of tea and then asked for another.
He drank a glass of red wine.
He drank a little.
He drank a lot yesterday.
He drank beer.
He drank detergent by mistake.
He drank it in one gulp.
He drank orange juice out of a bottle.
He drank straight from the bottle.
He drank the whisky as if it were water.
He drank three bottles of beer.
He drank three glasses of water.
He dreaded having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
He dreamed of being a hero.
He dressed as a fireman for Halloween.
He dressed like a girl.
He dressed up as a woman.
He dressed very modestly.
He drew $100 from his account.
He drew a deep breath.
He dried his wet clothes by the fire.
He drinks a glass of water every morning.
He drinks a lot but always seems sober.
He drinks excessive amounts of coffee.
He drinks himself unconscious every night.
He drinks his coffee black every time.
He drinks too much alcohol.
He drinks too much.
He drives a Ferrari.
He drives a Lotus.
He drives a car, doesn't he?
He drives a pickup truck.
He drives a tow truck.
He drives a truck.
He drives an electric car.
He drives fast.
He drives his own car.
He drives me crazy.
He drives very fast.
He dropped a vase.
He dropped his books on the floor.
He dropped in to see us.
He dropped out of college in the first year.
He dropped out of high school.
He dropped out of school in his second year.
He dropped the anchovies.
He dropped the cup and broke it.
He dropped the sausage on the ground.
He dropped to his knees.
He drove carelessly and had an accident.
He drove down to the hotel.
He drove his car to Yokohama.
He drove the truck to Dallas.
He drowned while swimming in the river.
He dumped me.
He dwells in the country.
He dwelt on the complexities of modern life.
He dyed his hair black.
He earned his living as a teacher.
He earns a good salary.
He earns a living.
He earns double my salary.
He earns his living by teaching English.
He earns his living by teaching.
He earns his living by writing.
He earns more money than he can spend.
He earns no less than three hundred dollars a day.
He earns over 500 dollars a month at that job.
He earns over 500 dollars a month from that job.
He earns three times as much as me.
He earns three times more than I do.
He earns three times more than me.
He earns twenty dollars a day.
He earns twice as much as me.
He earns twice my salary.
He easily gets angry.
He eats a lot.
He eats around the clock.
He eats nothing but fruit.
He eats nothing other than fruit.
He eats too much.
He embarked on his marriage with many hopes and fears.
He emptied his glass.
He emptied his pockets of their contents.
He encountered a friend on the road.
He encountered unexpected obstacles.
He encouraged his son to study harder.
He enjoyed cycling.
He enjoys eating ice cream.
He enjoys playing tennis.
He enjoys wandering around the forest in his spare time.
He enlisted in the Foreign Legion.
He entered Tokyo University this spring.
He entered his room.
He entered my room without permission.
He entered the army.
He entered the bank disguised as a guard.
He entered the garden secretly.
He entered the room after you left.
He entered the room on tiptoes.
He entered the room with his hat off.
He entered through the window.
He envied my success.
He envies all his friends.
He equipped himself with everything needed to climb the mountain.
He escaped from prison.
He established the company.
He estimated the loss at five million yen.
He even called me an idiot.
He eventually married an Italian woman ten years his junior.
He examined it from top to bottom.
He examined the spare parts one after another.
He excels in many sports.
He exchanged yen for dollars.
He excluded the woman from the suspects.
He excused himself for being late.
He explained his plan both to my son and to me.
He explained how the accident came about.
He explained how to make a fire.
He explained in detail what he had seen.
He explained it in detail.
He explained the literal meaning of the phrase.
He explained the main purpose of the plan.
He explained the matter to me.
He explained the rule to me.
He explained to Mary why he was late for her birthday party.
He explained to me how to use the machine.
He explained to me that he had no money.
He explored the Amazon jungle.
He exposed himself to the ridicule of his classmates.
He expressed himself clearly.
He expressed himself in good English.
He expressed his feelings in the form of a painting.
He expressed his opinion in a few words.
He extended his right arm.
He extinguished the fire.
He extorted a large amount of money from her.
He failed in his attempt to swim across the river.
He failed in spite of his great efforts.
He failed many times, but he had no feeling that it was a waste of time.
He failed the entrance exam.
He failed the exam because he had not studied enough.
He failed the exam.
He failed to catch the 8:30 train.
He failed to come up to our expectations.
He failed to pass his driving test.
He failed to take the exam.
He failed to write to his father that week.
He failed, due to lack of money.
He fainted in the middle of his speech.
He fastened the horse's pack with a rope.
He fed his dog at the same time every day.
He fed the horse.
He feels a good deal better than yesterday.
He feels very happy.
He feels weak after his illness.
He fell a victim to a deadly disease.
He fell and broke his arm while he was skiing.
He fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
He fell asleep right away.
He fell asleep under the tree.
He fell asleep while reading a book.
He fell asleep with the radio on.
He fell backward.
He fell down on the floor.
He fell for her big time.
He fell for it hook, line, and sinker.
He fell from the tree.
He fell head over heels into the water.
He fell head-long into the river.
He fell ill a few days ago.
He fell ill because he ate too much.
He fell in love with a younger woman.
He fell in love with her at first sight.
He fell in love with his best friend.
He fell in love with the girl at first sight.
He fell into a deep sleep.
He fell into a deep slumber.
He fell into the ditch.
He fell off the horse.
He fell under the suspicion of the police.
He felt a pain in his back.
He felt as if he were in a dream.
He felt at home.
He felt awkward after she kissed him.
He felt for his matches and found them in his back pocket.
He felt great affection for his sister.
He felt her hand on his shoulder.
He felt his heart beating fast.
He felt his way through the darkness.
He felt sad because he lost his father.
He felt something crawl up his leg.
He felt that this was too good a chance to miss.
He felt the same way as I did.
He felt utterly humiliated.
He filed a complaint.
He filled the bottle with water.
He filled the bucket with water.
He filled the glass with wine.
He filled the glasses with wine.
He finally achieved what he set out to do.
He finally broke up with that woman.
He finally decided to get married.
He finally decided to try.
He finally found his calling.
He finally got his wish.
He finally hit upon a solution to his problem.
He finally met my demands.
He finds faults with everything I do.
He finds it very hard to do without cigarettes for a day.
He finished breakfast.
He finished drinking one beer and ordered another.
He finished it as quick as lightning.
He finished reading the book.
He finished school in March.
He finished the beer and ordered another.
He finished the bulk of his work before dinner.
He fired but missed.
He fired most of his men.
He fits the description in the newspaper.
He fixed the broken table.
He fixed the net.
He flew a kite with his son.
He flew a kite.
He flew from London to Paris.
He flew to Paris.
He flipped the switch and threw the room into brightness.
He flirts with every woman he meets.
He followed his sister's example and demanded more money.
He followed in his father's footsteps.
He forced his way into the room.
He forced me to go.
He forgot his promise to go there.
He forgot his wedding anniversary.
He forgot my birthday.
He forgot to bring clothes.
He forgot to bring his homework, so he got detention.
He forgot to lock the door.
He forgot to turn off the light.
He fought against racial discrimination.
He fought until the end.
He found a ball in the garden.
He found a broken camera.
He found a nice apartment for Mary.
He found a public telephone and called a taxi.
He found an unexpected way to deal with the problem.
He found her irresistible.
He found his key and opened the door.
He found his master.
He found it difficult to make himself understood in German.
He found it.
He found my bicycle.
He found my bike.
He found out the secret.
He found the box under the table.
He found the door closed.
He found the door locked.
He founded the school five years ago.
He framed the picture he had bought on the street.
He frequently neglects his work.
He frowned and turned away.
He froze in his tracks.
He froze to death.
He froze with fear when he saw the snake.
He gathered his children around him.
He gathered up his things and left.
He gave a deep sigh.
He gave a detailed description of the accident.
He gave a loud cry for help.
He gave a vague answer.
He gave an account of how he had escaped.
He gave away all his money.
He gave away his entire fortune to an old friend's daughter, and expected nothing in return.
He gave each of them a pencil.
He gave her a book.
He gave her a box.
He gave her a diamond bracelet.
He gave her a foot massage.
He gave her a kiss on the hand.
He gave her a piece of paper.
He gave her an approving nod.
He gave her an engagement ring last night.
He gave him a book.
He gave his camera to his friend.
He gave his children a good education.
He gave his life for his country.
He gave his seat to the old man.
He gave in.
He gave it a new name.
He gave it to me for nothing.
He gave it to me willingly.
He gave it to me.
He gave me 10,000 yen.
He gave me a bad cold.
He gave me a blank stare.
He gave me a cold.
He gave me a half dozen linen handkerchiefs.
He gave me a hint.
He gave me a hug.
He gave me a nice Christmas present.
He gave me a ride home.
He gave me a smile of recognition.
He gave me a watch.
He gave me a wink.
He gave me all his money.
He gave me an example.
He gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.
He gave me back the money.
He gave me clothes as well as food.
He gave me food and money as well.
He gave me his word.
He gave me not just advice, but money as well.
He gave me some stamps.
He gave me this book.
He gave me this doll in token of his gratitude.
He gave me what I needed.
He gave me what little money he had.
He gave money to each of his sons.
He gave several examples of how we could change things.
He gave the boy what little money he had.
He gave the child a toy.
He gave the police a false name and address.
He gave them a lift to the town.
He gave them food and money.
He gave three wrong answers.
He gave up cigarettes.
He gave up going abroad to study because of his father's sudden death.
He gave up his life for his country.
He gave up hope.
He gave up smoking two years ago.
He gave up taking part in the marathon on account of his cold.
He gave up.
He gave us a detailed account of his experiences in Africa.
He gave us quite a lot of trouble.
He gave us such a long assignment that we protested.
He gave us the signal to begin.
He gazed at the ceiling for a long time.
He gets a haircut once a month.
He gets a high salary.
He gets ahead of everybody in his work.
He gets along all right.
He gets along very well with his friends.
He gets angry at the slightest thing.
He gets angry if he's contradicted.
He gets angry very easily.
He gets around a lot.
He gets his hair cut once a month.
He gets mad very easily.
He gets tired easily.
He gets up as early as five every morning.
He gets up at 7.
He gets up at seven.
He gets up early.
He gives an apple to the teacher every day.
He gives her everything she asks for.
He gives plain, simple explanations.
He gladly accepted our offer.
He glanced at his watch.
He glanced at the clock.
He glanced over the newspaper before turning in.
He goes fishing every other day.
He goes there every day.
He goes to a school for the deaf.
He goes to bed at eight o'clock.
He goes to bed early but it takes him a long time to get to sleep.
He goes to kindergarten.
He goes to school by bicycle.
He goes to school on foot.
He goes to the library to read books.
He goes to work on foot every day except on rainy days.
He gorged himself on ice cream.
He got a D.
He got a cramp while he was swimming.
He got a good grade in mathematics.
He got a loan from the bank.
He got a prize for winning the competition.
He got ahead of me.
He got angry with us.
He got angry.
He got away disguised as a policeman.
He got away.
He got bored after fifteen minutes.
He got bored quickly.
He got down on his knees and prayed for the souls of the deceased.
He got engaged to my cousin.
He got fired for making waves too often.
He got fired for slacking off at work.
He got his car washed at the filling station.
He got his doctorate.
He got his sister to help him paint his room.
He got hoarse from so much shouting.
He got hooked on drugs at a young age.
He got hurt seriously in the traffic accident.
He got hurt when he fell down.
He got injured in a traffic accident.
He got into his car in a hurry.
He got into the car and drove off.
He got kicked off the team.
He got killed in an automobile accident.
He got lost in the city.
He got lost in the park.
He got lost on his way here.
He got lost on his way to the village.
He got lost while he was walking in the woods.
He got lost while walking in the woods.
He got mad at me for calling him Shorty.
He got married three days ago.
He got mixed up in his friend's affair.
He got no answer from her.
He got off the train.
He got off with a warning.
He got on the train.
He got out a book and began to read it.
He got out from under the car.
He got out of the habit of smoking.
He got over his difficulties.
He got over the difficulties.
He got ready for departure.
He got rich quickly.
He got the ball.
He got the first prize.
He got the short end of the stick.
He got tired of being the devil's advocate and now agrees with every idea they suggest, no matter how dumb.
He got tired soon.
He got to school just in time.
He got up and left in the middle of the discussion.
He got up at eight in the morning.
He got up at five as usual.
He got up earlier than usual this morning.
He got up early so he'd be in time for the train.
He got up early this morning.
He got up quickly, splashed cold water on his face, brushed his teeth, and shaved.
He got up suddenly and walked out of the room.
He got up to see if he had turned off the light in the kitchen.
He got used to the work.
He got used to working two hours every day in the garden.
He got very mad.
He got well again.
He got what he deserved.
He got what he wanted against all odds.
He got what he wanted.
He grabbed her hand.
He grabbed me by the collar.
He grabbed my arm.
He grabbed my hand.
He graduated from Cambridge with honors.
He graduated from Harvard.
He graduated from Tokyo University.
He graduated from college last year.
He graduated from high school this spring.
He greeted me with a smile.
He greeted the lady.
He grew a beard while he was on holiday.
He grew potatoes in his garden.
He grew up in Australia.
He grew up in Germany.
He grew up in a little village.
He grew up in a small town.
He grew up in small towns in Texas.
He grew up to be a very reliable man.
He grinned from ear to ear.
He gripped my hand.
He gritted his teeth and forced back his growing fear.
He had a blue jacket on.
He had a book in his hand.
He had a certain charm.
He had a copy made of this key.
He had a dog.
He had a dream about coming naked to school.
He had a falling-out with his friends.
He had a gentleness that was attractive to women.
He had a good look at the papers.
He had a hard time making a living.
He had a hasty breakfast.
He had a headache.
He had a hungry look.
He had a leg amputated.
He had a lot of things to do.
He had a near-death experience.
He had a new idea.
He had a new suit made.
He had a share in completing the job.
He had a shower before breakfast.
He had a slight edge on his opponent.
He had a strange dream.
He had a stroke.
He had a strong alibi.
He had a traffic accident on his way to school.
He had a traffic accident.
He had all the attributes of a leader.
He had almost no formal education.
He had already gone.
He had ambition.
He had an absent look on his face.
He had an accident and broke his leg.
He had an accident and fractured his leg.
He had an accident at work.
He had an accident on his way home.
He had an accident.
He had an intense hatred of his teacher.
He had an operation on his left leg.
He had an unpleasant screechy voice.
He had barely enough money to buy bread and milk.
He had barely enough to eat.
He had been ill for a week when they sent for a doctor.
He had been repairing the car and looked tired when I arrived home.
He had been there for ten years before he came to Kyoto.
He had breakfast all alone.
He had dark brown hair.
He had decided on a new policy.
He had difficulty in finding his way to the hotel.
He had dinner by himself.
He had faults, but despite that I loved him.
He had few other friends.
He had few teeth.
He had fifty dollars.
He had friends all over the world.
He had fun with her.
He had fun with it.
He had his car stolen in that parking lot.
He had his car stolen yesterday.
He had his hair cut short.
He had his older sister help him paint the wall of his room.
He had his secretary make another copy.
He had his secretary translate the letter into English.
He had his secretary type the report.
He had his shirt on inside out.
He had his socks on inside out.
He had his wallet stolen.
He had just come home when I called.
He had known some of them before the war.
He had long hair last year.
He had lost all hope.
He had many political enemies.
He had more than enough money.
He had no chance to visit us.
He had no difficulty explaining the mystery.
He had no difficulty in explaining the mystery.
He had no difficulty in finding the place.
He had no difficulty swimming across the river.
He had no distinguishing features.
He had no friend to help him.
He had no friend to talk to.
He had no hat on.
He had no idea what these words meant.
He had no intention of waiting for three hours.
He had no luck in finding work.
He had no memory of the accident.
He had no money and so could not buy any food.
He had no money.
He had no objection.
He had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave.
He had no sooner gone out of the room than all of them burst out laughing.
He had nothing to do with it.
He had nothing to do with the case.
He had nothing to say, so he left.
He had one daughter.
He had one of his socks on inside out.
He had only one hundred yen with him.
He had plenty of money for his trip.
He had scarcely escaped when he was recaptured.
He had steak and fried potatoes.
He had the ambition to be prime minister.
He had the appearance of being half-starved.
He had the bad habit of drinking too much wine.
He had the cheek to ask me to help him.
He had the courage to decline the offer.
He had the courage to expose the scandal.
He had the gift of prophecy.
He had the kindness to show me the way.
He had the last laugh.
He had the misfortune to lose all his money.
He had the misfortune to lose his son.
He had the right idea.
He had three bullet wounds in his chest.
He had three pieces of baggage.
He had three sons who became doctors.
He had three sons.
He had to call on all his experience to carry out the plan.
He had to clean his room.
He had to commit the whole message to memory.
He had to comply with her decision.
He had to continue his trip in secret.
He had to face the music.
He had to feed his large family.
He had to go through a lot of hardships.
He had to go without food for days.
He had to learn to accept that failures were necessary milestones on the road to success.
He had to leave for Tokyo on short notice.
He had to leave the city, so he moved to Berlin.
He had to leave the village.
He had to part with his house.
He had to pawn his watch.
He had to pay the damages.
He had to save the princess.
He had to share the hotel room with a stranger.
He had to stand in line at the ticket office.
He had to stay in bed.
He had to tell his readers what happened.
He had to undergo an operation immediately after his fall.
He had to work even on Sunday.
He had to work hard day and night.
He had trouble breathing.
He had two hundred head of cattle.
He had used up all the money which his friend had lent him.
He had worked for the law firm for six years.
He hadn't eaten anything the whole day and was hungry.
He hadn't eaten in two days.
He handed the salesclerk the money.
He handled the tool skillfully.
He hanged himself.
He happened to be there.
He hardly ever works.
He has 12 sons.
He has Alzheimer's.
He has a Japanese car.
He has a Picasso.
He has a bad reputation with his students.
He has a bad temper.
He has a basket full of strawberries.
He has a bath every morning.
He has a beard.
He has a bicycle.
He has a big family.
He has a big mouth.
He has a black shirt.
He has a bookstore in the center of the city.
He has a bright future.
He has a brother and two sisters.
He has a brother in Tokyo.
He has a brother who lives in Tokyo.
He has a butler and a cook.
He has a camera.
He has a car that has four doors.
He has a car.
He has a cat and two dogs.
He has a checkered past.
He has a cold now.
He has a cold.
He has a considerable income.
He has a crush on this girl.
He has a dark secret.
He has a daughter who is pretty.
He has a daughter who is very pretty.
He has a deep insight into human psychology.
He has a doctor's degree in psychology.
He has a dog.
He has a drug allergy.
He has a dual personality.
He has a family to support.
He has a fear that his brother will fail.
He has a fertile imagination.
He has a few pens.
He has a firm belief.
He has a foreign car.
He has a friendly nature.
He has a funny name.
He has a good accent.
He has a good chance of being chosen.
He has a good chance of being elected.
He has a good chance of getting elected.
He has a good eye for art.
He has a good fastball.
He has a good memory.
He has a good position in a government office.
He has a good position in the bank.
He has a good reputation.
He has a good understanding of the problems.
He has a great deal of property.
He has a hairy chest.
He has a hard time remembering names.
He has a hat on.
He has a headache.
He has a heart condition.
He has a heart of gold.
He has a house of his own.
He has a job in the Treasury Department.
He has a kind heart.
He has a large family to provide for.
He has a large family to support.
He has a large family.
He has a large house and two cars.
He has a large number of books on his bookshelf.
He has a large number of books.
He has a large staff working for him.
He has a large truck.
He has a little money.
He has a long neck.
He has a long nose.
He has a lot more money than I have.
He has a lot of acquaintances.
He has a lot of books on history.
He has a lot of confidence.
He has a lot of creative ideas.
He has a lot of foreign stamps.
He has a lot of land.
He has a lot of money in the bank.
He has a lot of money, but has almost no friends.
He has a lot of money.
He has a lot of teaching experience.
He has a loud voice.
He has a lunch.
He has a maid to wait on him.
He has a natural gift for speaking.
He has a new car and an old car.
He has a new girlfriend already.
He has a new woman in his life.
He has a nice income.
He has a nice personality.
He has a nose bleed.
He has a perfect body.
He has a perfect command of English.
He has a photographic memory.
He has a point.
He has a prejudice against foreigners.
He has a remarkable aptitude for music.
He has a remarkable memory.
He has a reputation for being very wise.
He has a rich imagination.
He has a round face.
He has a second job.
He has a sense of humor.
He has a sister and she goes to school, too.
He has a small advantage.
He has a son and two daughters.
He has a special regard for her.
He has a split personality.
He has a store on the main road.
He has a strange name.
He has a strong personality.
He has a strong shoulder for you to lean on.
He has a sweet voice.
He has a swimming pool.
He has a talent for acting.
He has a tendency to be pessimistic.
He has a terrible hangover.
He has a test next week.
He has a tight schedule.
He has a very dry sense of humor.
He has a very friendly smile.
He has a very interesting book.
He has a very vivid imagination.
He has a vivid imagination.
He has a wealthy supporter behind him.
He has a white cat.
He has absolute power.
He has access to the American Embassy.
He has acted wisely.
He has already begun.
He has already finished his work.
He has already gone home.
He has already said yes.
He has always understood our problems right away.
He has an air of mystery about him.
He has an electrical equipment factory.
He has an endless store of good jokes.
He has an estate in the country.
He has an eye for antiques.
He has an eye for art.
He has an incurable disease.
He has an interesting book.
He has another son.
He has at most 100 dollars.
He has bad eyes.
He has become fond of sports.
He has been busy since this morning.
He has been dead for three years.
He has been driving for hours.
He has been engaged in foreign trade for twenty years.
He has been gaining weight.
He has been in Japan for three years.
He has been in Japan for two years.
He has been like a father to me.
He has been playing tennis since this morning.
He has been sick for a long time.
He has been sick for a week.
He has been sick in bed all week.
He has been sick in bed for a week.
He has been studying French for eight years.
He has been teaching for 20 years.
He has been telling lies about himself.
He has been the chief of his tribe for 35 years.
He has been to America.
He has been to Europe many times.
He has been to France three times.
He has been to London three times.
He has been to many places.
He has been warned on several occasions.
He has been working all day long.
He has begun on a new book.
He has begun to enjoy country life.
He has big problems.
He has blond hair.
He has blue eyes and blond hair.
He has blue eyes and fair hair.
He has bought a new car.
He has braces.
He has broken the record.
He has brown eyes.
He has brown hair.
He has built two houses so far.
He has changed a lot, and he is no longer what he used to be.
He has changed.
He has come a long way.
He has come from Boston.
He has come!
He has completely recovered and can go back to work.
He has consistently endeavored to help the poor.
He has corporal's stripes.
He has decided not to go to the meeting.
He has decided to become a pilot.
He has dedicated his life to the preservation of nature.
He has devoted himself to his studies recently.
He has done his utmost for me.
He has dozens of English books.
He has drawn up a will.
He has eleven children.
He has enough money to buy it.
He has enough money.
He has eyes at the back of his head.
He has fallen in love with me.
He has few friends here except you.
He has few friends.
He has four mobile phones.
He has gone abroad by himself.
He has gone back to California for good.
He has gone mad.
He has gone out for a walk.
He has gone to Britain.
He has gone to Hokkaido.
He has good grounds for believing that.
He has greasy hair.
He has great confidence in himself.
He has green eyes.
He has grown three centimeters this year.
He has guts.
He has had a crush on her.
He has half as many books as I do.
He has hardly any money, but he gets by.
He has her under his thumb.
He has his hair cut once a month.
He has his office in town.
He has his own room.
He has his reasons for staying there.
He has just arrived at New Tokyo International Airport.
He has just bought a used car.
He has just published an interesting series of articles.
He has knowledge and experience as well.
He has large blue eyes.
He has learned to be patient.
He has lived in Iceland for a long time.
He has long hair.
He has lost face.
He has lost his father's watch.
He has lost interest in politics.
He has made a big improvement in tennis.
He has made a promise to come again.
He has made little progress in his English.
He has made me what I am today.
He has made me what I am.
He has made the baseball team.
He has made the same mistake twice.
He has made up his mind to buy the car.
He has many acquaintances but few friends.
He has many history books.
He has many tenants on his land.
He has money, but he's not happy.
He has money.
He has more books than I do.
He has more books than he can ever read.
He has more books than he can read in his entire life.
He has more books than he can read.
He has more money than he can spend.
He has more money than he can use.
He has more money than is needed.
He has more than five dictionaries.
He has much more money than I have.
He has never been abroad.
He has never been heard of since.
He has never been late for school.
He has never been scolded by his father.
He has never come on time that I know of.
He has never hurt anyone.
He has never played golf.
He has no bicycle.
He has no chance of recovering.
He has no chance of succeeding.
He has no children.
He has no close friends to talk with.
He has no equal in the field of electronics.
He has no family to support.
He has no fear.
He has no friends besides me.
He has no friends to fall back on.
He has no friends to talk with.
He has no girlfriend.
He has no hat on.
He has no house in which to live.
He has no idea that I'm coming.
He has no idea what he's doing.
He has no interest in art whatsoever.
He has no interest whatsoever in money.
He has no money.
He has no more strength.
He has no more than 1,000 yen.
He has no objection to our leaving.
He has no pity for anybody.
He has no political ambition.
He has no real friends.
He has no remorse.
He has no right to do this.
He has no sense of direction.
He has no servants at all.
He has no specific aim.
He has no trouble climbing trees.
He has no wife, no children and no friends.
He has not been able to attend school for a week.
He has not been heard of since.
He has not paid his portion of the rent.
He has not realized his mistakes yet.
He has not seen much of the world.
He has not written to them for a long time.
He has nothing against it.
He has nothing to do with it.
He has nothing to do.
He has one dog and six cats.
He has one son and two daughters.
He has only four pesos.
He has only six months to live.
He has overcome many obstacles.
He has overstepped his authority.
He has plenty of money in the bank.
He has poor eyesight.
He has powerful arms.
He has quite a few valuable paintings.
He has recently made remarkable progress in English.
He has red hair and freckles.
He has run out of energy.
He has seen better days.
He has seven sons.
He has several buyers for the property.
He has several men to work for him.
He has sharp hearing.
He has short hair.
He has small feet.
He has some money in the bank.
He has something to do with the case.
He has something to do with the matter.
He has something to do with the robbery.
He has something to do with the traffic accident.
He has spent most of his working life as a diplomat.
He has started acting strangely.
He has stopped smoking.
He has strange ideas.
He has taken over his father's business.
He has ten cows.
He has the advantage of a good education.
He has the backing of a certain politician.
He has the freedom to do what he thinks is right.
He has the habit of reading the newspaper during meals.
He has the habit of reading the newspaper while eating.
He has the habit of scratching his head.
He has the habit of standing up when he is angry.
He has the large room to himself.
He has the same camera as I have.
He has this large room to himself.
He has three brothers.
He has three daughters.
He has three older sisters.
He has three sons.
He has three times as many books as I have.
He has to come.
He has to fix the clock.
He has to get up immediately.
He has to have an operation next week.
He has to make a speech at the party.
He has to speak English.
He has to stay in bed.
He has to study hard.
He has to take two science classes.
He has to work hard in order to support his family.
He has too many books.
He has too much pride.
He has transmitted all his knowledge to his son.
He has trouble remembering names.
He has trouble waking up on time.
He has two Picassos.
He has two aunts on his mother's side.
He has two boys and a girl.
He has two cats.
He has two daughters, both of whom are married to doctors.
He has two daughters, one is a pianist and the other is a violist.
He has two daughters.
He has two dogs.
He has two pencils. One is long and the other one is short.
He has very bad handwriting.
He has very bad luck.
He has very little knowledge of geography.
He has very regular features.
He has very short hair.
He has visited France three times.
He has worked in the embassy for three months.
He has written many books about China.
He has written two books.
He hasn't appeared yet.
He hasn't been able to come because he is sick.
He hasn't changed a bit since I saw him.
He hasn't changed his mind.
He hasn't come yet.
He hasn't done anything.
He hasn't left any message.
He hasn't talked to me since.
He hasn't told me when he will return.
He hasn't written to them in a long time.
He hated lying.
He hates air travel.
He hates carrots.
He hates cleaning his room.
He hates her parents.
He hates himself.
He hates his life.
He hates his neighbor.
He hates shopping.
He hates spiders.
He heard a cry for help.
He heard a noise from the kitchen.
He heard a shout.
He heard a strange sound and sprang out of bed.
He heard footsteps.
He heard someone calling for help.
He heard the dog barking.
He held his breath while watching the match.
He held his breath.
He held the trophy up high.
He helped me carry the baggage.
He helped me carry the chair.
He helped me do my homework.
He helped me fix my watch.
He helped me move.
He helped me to get changed.
He helped me to get over the difficulties.
He helped the lady into the car.
He helps us.
He hesitated before answering.
He hesitated for a moment.
He hesitated for a while.
He hid behind the black car.
He hid behind the door.
He hid himself behind the door.
He hid his emotions and pretended to be enthusiastic.
He hid his grief behind a smile.
He hid his sadness behind a smile.
He hid his toys under the bed.
He hid in an abandoned building.
He himself did it.
He himself tried it.
He hired a new secretary.
He hired a private investigator.
He hired some new workers.
He hit his head on the shelf.
He hit me by mistake.
He hit me in the face.
He hit me on the head.
He hit me twice.
He hit the ball with his racket.
He hit the bull's-eye.
He hit the center of the target with his first shot.
He holds a record in swimming.
He holds a senior position in the government.
He holds the key to this problem.
He holds the rank of colonel.
He hoped the problem would solve itself.
He hopes he'll win and I hope so too.
He hopes to exhibit his paintings in Japan.
He hung a picture on the wall.
He hung up before I could say anything.
He hung up his coat.
He hung up.
He hurried to catch the train.
He hurried to the station so he wouldn't miss the train.
He hurried to the station.
He hurt her feelings on purpose.
He hurt himself during yesterday's game.
He hurt his left hand with a knife.
He hurt his left hand.
He ignored her advice.
He imitated the works of Van Gogh.
He impressed me with his magic tricks.
He informed me about the changes in the plan.
He inherited an old wooden chest.
He inherited the business from his father.
He inserted the key in the lock.
He insisted on going to the department store with his mother.
He insisted that I join him.
He insists on going to the park with his father.
He instantly denied it.
He instantly fell in love with her.
He insulted her. That is why she got angry.
He insulted me in public.
He insulted our team.
He insured his new house against fire.
He intended to marry her.
He intends to buy a new bicycle.
He interpreted for me.
He interpreted my silence as consent.
He interrupted his work to answer the phone.
He interrupted the speaker with frequent questions.
He intrigues me.
He introduced his daughter to me.
He introduced his sister to me.
He introduced me to his daughter.
He introduced me to his relatives at the reception.
He invented an excuse for being late.
He invested 500,000 yen in stocks.
He invested his money in stocks.
He is American.
He is Canadian.
He is English.
He is Ethiopian.
He is French by birth, but he is now a citizen of the USA.
He is French.
He is German by birth.
He is Japanese by birth.
He is Japanese.
He is a DJ.
He is a Japanese boy.
He is a bad boy.
He is a bad driver.
He is a baseball player.
He is a bit of a coward.
He is a bit on the heavy side.
He is a born artist.
He is a born poet.
He is a boy with many dreams.
He is a brave and cheerful boy.
He is a brave man.
He is a bus driver.
He is a capable lawyer.
He is a childhood friend.
He is a clever boy.
He is a close friend of my brother.
He is a complete stranger to me.
He is a compulsive gambler.
He is a danger to society.
He is a dentist by profession.
He is a dependable boss.
He is a detective.
He is a diplomat at the American Embassy.
He is a director, and should be treated as such.
He is a doctor and a university professor.
He is a doctor and also a novelist.
He is a doctor by profession.
He is a doctor.
He is a dramatist.
He is a famous detective and my friend.
He is a fast runner.
He is a fish dealer.
He is a formidable opponent.
He is a genius.
He is a gentleman.
He is a gentleman. He cannot have said such a thing.
He is a good athlete.
He is a good carpenter.
He is a good doctor.
He is a good listener but a poor speaker.
He is a good loser.
He is a good match for me.
He is a good singer.
He is a good speaker.
He is a good swimmer and also plays tennis well.
He is a good swimmer.
He is a good violinist, isn't he?
He is a good violinist.
He is a good writer.
He is a great authority on economics.
He is a harsh critic.
He is a head taller than me.
He is a heroin addict.
He is a jealous man.
He is a kind boy.
He is a kind person.
He is a lawyer by profession.
He is a lazy student.
He is a learned man.
He is a little over forty.
He is a lonely man with few friends.
He is a man of action.
He is a man of character.
He is a man of few words.
He is a man of his word, so if he said he'd help, he will.
He is a man of his word.
He is a man of reason.
He is a man of wealth.
He is a man to be reckoned with.
He is a mathematical genius.
He is a mean fellow.
He is a medical student.
He is a member of the parish committee.
He is a mere child.
He is a most important person.
He is a naughty boy.
He is a nice man, except that he talks too much.
He is a nice person, to be sure, but not very clever.
He is a painter.
He is a perfect gentleman.
He is a perfectionist.
He is a poet and statesman.
He is a poet.
He is a professor of English at Leeds.
He is a psychic.
He is a real gentleman.
He is a really good worker.
He is a recent convert to Catholicism.
He is a rude person.
He is a scientist and musician.
He is a scientist.
He is a self-made man.
He is a sharp-shooter.
He is a sly fox.
He is a strange person.
He is a student at Harvard.
He is a student at Yushu High School.
He is a student.
He is a tall boy.
He is a teacher and novelist.
He is a teacher at our school.
He is a teacher rather than a writer.
He is a teacher.
He is a tennis player.
He is a thief.
He is a tough cookie.
He is a true gentleman.
He is a type of a person who calls a spade a spade.
He is a typical Japanese.
He is a very careful driver.
He is a very good batter.
He is a very good speaker of English.
He is a very important person.
He is a very lazy boy.
He is a very nice student.
He is a very smart boy.
He is a very thoughtful person.
He is a waiter in a seaside restaurant.
He is a war orphan.
He is a well informed person.
He is a woman hater.
He is a work horse.
He is a writer.
He is able to play the flute.
He is able to speak five languages.
He is able to speak ten languages.
He is able to swim very fast.
He is about forty.
He is about my age.
He is about my size.
He is about thirty.
He is about to leave for London.
He is about your age.
He is above suspicion.
He is absent because of illness.
He is absorbed in his work.
He is absorbed in the study of Latin.
He is absorbed in the study of linguistics.
He is accountable to the management for what he does.
He is accustomed to the work.
He is accustomed to working hard.
He is acquainted with the modern history of France.
He is addicted to cocaine.
He is afraid of Father.
He is afraid of becoming sick.
He is afraid of death.
He is afraid of dogs.
He is afraid of his father.
He is afraid of his own shadow.
He is afraid of making mistakes.
He is afraid of swimming.
He is afraid of the dog.
He is afraid that he will die.
He is afraid to fly in an airplane.
He is afraid to swim.
He is after a better job.
He is aggressive.
He is ahead of us in English.
He is ahead of us in mathematics.
He is allergic to dust.
He is allergic to house dust.
He is almost always at home.
He is almost always home.
He is almost six feet tall.
He is alone.
He is also very famous in Japan.
He is always a little irritable in the morning.
He is always a step or two ahead of the times.
He is always asking for money.
He is always busy feathering his own nest.
He is always cheerful.
He is always complaining about his low salary.
He is always complaining.
He is always finding fault with me.
He is always forgetting things.
He is always generous to poor people.
He is always giving people a lot of trouble.
He is always giving presents to his wife.
He is always happy.
He is always here between 5 and 6 o'clock.
He is always joking.
He is always kind to animals.
He is always laughing.
He is always looking to the future.
He is always on the go.
He is always on the move.
He is always on time for an appointment.
He is always prepared.
He is always reading.
He is always studying.
He is always trying to do the impossible.
He is always with me.
He is an American.
He is an English teacher.
He is an Italian.
He is an accountant at the company.
He is an active person.
He is an actor.
He is an aggressive person.
He is an army officer.
He is an authority on China.
He is an eager beaver.
He is an excellent speaker.
He is an experienced teacher.
He is an expert at fishing.
He is an expert in astronomy.
He is an extremely frank person.
He is an honest man and will always remain so.
He is an insurance agent for a New York company.
He is an intelligent boy.
He is an office worker.
He is an old friend of mine.
He is angry with you.
He is anxious to read the book.
He is anxious to see you.
He is anything but a fool.
He is anything but a gentleman.
He is anything but handsome.
He is apt to forget his promise.
He is armed to the teeth.
He is arrogant toward us.
He is as busy as ever.
He is as healthy as ever.
He is as nutty as a fruitcake.
He is as old as my father.
He is as poor as can be.
He is as poor as ever.
He is as tall as her.
He is as tall as his father.
He is as tall as my brother.
He is as tall as my father.
He is ashamed of his failure.
He is ashamed of his father being poor.
He is ashamed of his son's conduct.
He is asleep.
He is at his desk.
He is at home today.
He is at the office.
He is at work now, but will be coming home at seven.
He is away from home.
He is bankrupt.
He is beginning to lose his hair.
He is being kind today.
He is being very kind today.
He is better off than before.
He is better than me at math.
He is better today than yesterday.
He is beyond help.
He is beyond hope.
He is bigger than all the other boys.
He is blind in one eye.
He is blinded by love.
He is boiling with rage.
He is bound to succeed.
He is bound to win the match.
He is busy learning English.
He is busy preparing for the entrance examination.
He is busy typing the reports.
He is busy writing a letter.
He is buttering up to his boss.
He is by far the best boy in the class.
He is by far the best student.
He is by nature a generous person.
He is by nature a very quiet person.
He is by no means stupid.
He is capable of keeping a secret when he wants to.
He is capable of teaching French.
He is careless in everything.
He is carrying a parcel under his right arm.
He is carrying out experiments in his laboratory.
He is certain to turn up some time.
He is chubby.
He is clever at making excuses.
He is clever enough to solve the problem.
He is close to sixty.
He is commander of our troops.
He is confident of his ability.
He is considered one of the greatest scientists in our country.
He is considered trustworthy.
He is constantly complaining.
He is constantly finding fault with other people.
He is contented with his lot.
He is cranky.
He is crazy about baseball.
He is crazy about jazz.
He is crossing the street now.
He is dead and buried now.
He is delicate.
He is difficult to get along with.
He is digging his own grave.
He is doing a super job.
He is doing business on a large scale.
He is doing his work.
He is doing penance.
He is doing well.
He is dreaming of becoming an astronaut.
He is driven.
He is eager for the chance to prove himself.
He is earning twice my salary.
He is eating.
He is economically independent of his parents.
He is eight.
He is eighteen months old.
He is either drunk or mad.
He is either in London or in Paris.
He is employed in a bank.
He is engaged to my younger sister.
He is entirely in the wrong.
He is equal to the task.
He is even afraid of his own shadow.
He is expected to come home soon.
He is faced with a difficult problem.
He is facing many difficulties.
He is familiar with Japanese culture.
He is familiar with computers.
He is familiar with the subject.
He is familiar with what is going on in China.
He is famous as a doctor.
He is far from happy.
He is far from rich.
He is fed up with my problems.
He is five feet tall.
He is fond of adventure.
He is fond of chocolate cake.
He is fond of fishing.
He is fond of playing tennis.
He is fond of swimming.
He is fond of this kind of music.
He is fond of watching baseball games on TV.
He is foolish to meet her again.
He is fortunate having such a good wife.
He is free from care.
He is friendly to me.
He is from France.
He is full of energy.
He is full of new ideas.
He is getting better.
He is getting old, but he is as healthy as ever.
He is getting old.
He is giving me a hard time.
He is going to stay at a friend's house.
He is going to the concert.
He is good at cooking.
He is good at dealing with children.
He is good at diving.
He is good at football.
He is good at mathematics.
He is good at playing tennis.
He is good at singing.
He is good at soccer.
He is good at solving complicated mathematical problems.
He is good for five thousand dollars.
He is good for nothing.
He is guilty of theft.
He is half as old again as she is.
He is happy about the progress he has recently made.
He is happy.
He is hard to deal with.
He is hard to please.
He is hated.
He is having a hard time losing weight.
He is having coffee now.
He is having difficulty breathing.
He is having lunch.
He is her friend.
He is here!
He is heroic.
He is his friend.
He is his own master.
He is his usual self.
He is honest. That's why I like him.
He is ill.
He is impossible to beat.
He is in Tokyo.
He is in a bad mood.
He is in college.
He is in excellent physical condition.
He is in good physical condition.
He is in great trouble.
He is in his early twenties.
He is in his library.
He is in love with her, but he tries to conceal his feelings.
He is in love with her.
He is in poor health.
He is in the habit of staying up late at night.
He is in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
He is in the kitchen.
He is in the tenth grade.
He is in trouble.
He is inaccessible to his employees.
He is incapable of telling a lie.
He is inclined to be lazy.
He is incompetent.
He is influential.
He is intelligent.
He is interested in anything that has to do with religion.
He is jealous of her talent.
He is just an amateur.
He is just killing time.
He is just the man for the job.
He is kind at heart.
He is kind.
He is known as a great painter.
He is known to all the people in the town.
He is known to the entire country.
He is known to the public.
He is lacking in common sense.
He is lacking in experience.
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow.
He is leaving for Peru tomorrow, isn't he?
He is leaving in three days.
He is less impatient than his father.
He is like a frog in a well.
He is likely to come.
He is likely to win this game.
He is living apart from his wife.
He is living in Tokyo.
He is looked up to by friends.
He is looking for a job.
He is looking forward to it.
He is loyal to his boss.
He is lying on the bench.
He is lying on the sofa.
He is lying.
He is making cookies.
He is making great progress in English.
He is making preparations for a trip.
He is managing the business for his father.
He is married to a high school teacher.
He is married with two children.
He is mean.
He is mentally handicapped.
He is more clever than I am.
He is much older than he looks.
He is much taller than I am.
He is my best friend.
He is my brother, not father.
He is my brother, not my father.
He is my brother.
He is my classmate.
He is my close friend.
He is my colleague.
He is my father.
He is my friend. Do you guys know him?
He is my neighbor, but I don't know him well.
He is my old friend.
He is my teacher.
He is my type!
He is my uncle.
He is never in the office in the morning.
He is never lazy.
He is nice to me.
He is no gentleman.
He is no longer a child.
He is no longer a member of our club.
He is no longer here.
He is no longer living here.
He is no longer the shy boy he was.
He is no longer welcome here.
He is no match for his wife.
He is no match for me in tennis.
He is no ordinary man.
He is no ordinary student.
He is no relation to me.
He is not Japanese.
He is not a doctor.
He is not a friend, but an acquaintance.
He is not a physician.
He is not a singer, but an actor.
He is not a smoker.
He is not a teacher but a student.
He is not always in the office in the morning.
He is not an American, but he loves America.
He is not angry anymore.
He is not any taller than I am.
He is not as intelligent as his older brother.
He is not as smart as his older brother.
He is not as tall as his brother.
He is not as young as he looks.
He is not ashamed of being poor.
He is not coming, apparently.
He is not conscious of his own faults.
He is not content with his present salary.
He is not down yet.
He is not economically independent of his parents.
He is not equal to the task.
He is not fond of sports, and I am not either.
He is not good at putting his thoughts into words.
He is not honest at all.
He is not interested in art at all.
He is not married.
He is not much better, and there is a little hope of recovery.
He is not my father but my uncle.
He is not my son, but my nephew.
He is not old enough to vote.
He is not qualified for the job.
He is not really a friend, just an acquaintance.
He is not rich, but he is happy.
He is not running in the coming election.
He is not scared of snakes at all.
He is not so much a scholar as a TV personality.
He is not so tall.
He is not stupid.
He is not the boy who came here yesterday.
He is not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
He is not the shy boy he used to be.
He is not the sort of guy who gives in easily.
He is not there.
He is not to be trifled with.
He is not too poor to buy a bicycle.
He is not up to the task.
He is not very good at mathematics.
He is not wearing a hat.
He is not what he used to be.
He is not young.
He is nothing but a child.
He is nothing but a liar.
He is nothing more than a coward.
He is now almost as tall as his father is.
He is now almost as tall as his father.
He is now at the desk.
He is now either in Rome or in Paris.
He is now in a very difficult situation.
He is now looking for a bigger house to live in.
He is now on his own.
He is now on the way to recovery.
He is now staying in Paris.
He is numbered among the greatest scientists in the world.
He is often late for school.
He is old enough to drink.
He is old enough to drive.
He is old enough to tell good from evil.
He is old enough to understand it.
He is old.
He is older and wiser now.
He is older than she is by three years.
He is older than you by eight years.
He is on friendly terms with her.
He is on good terms with his classmates.
He is on night duty tonight.
He is on the point of death.
He is on the point of leaving for Canada.
He is on the team.
He is one of Spain's most famous authors.
He is one of my best friends.
He is one of my old friends.
He is one of the best brains in our country.
He is one of the greatest scientists in Japan.
He is one of the most famous singers in Japan.
He is one of the most popular students in the class.
He is opening the window.
He is our English teacher.
He is outgoing.
He is over the hill, you know.
He is overconfident.
He is overweight.
He is past forty.
He is photogenic.
He is planning to go home on leave.
He is planning to launch his business.
He is playing golf.
He is playing in his room.
He is playing music.
He is playing outdoors.
He is playing over there.
He is pleased with his new car.
He is pleased with his new shoes.
He is polite to a fault.
He is poor at chemistry.
He is poor, but he never complains.
He is poor.
He is popular with everybody.
He is popular with his men.
He is practically dead.
He is precisely the one you are looking for.
He is prejudiced against her.
He is proud of being a doctor.
He is proud of being a musician.
He is proud of having graduated from Tokyo University.
He is proud of his family.
He is proud of his punctuality.
He is proud of his son.
He is proud of never having been beaten in ping-pong.
He is proud of never having been late for school.
He is proud of the fact that he has never consulted a doctor in his life.
He is proud that his father was a famous scientist.
He is putting on weight.
He is quite an odd man.
He is quite right.
He is rarely in a good mood.
He is rarely, if ever, late for appointments.
He is rather optimistic.
He is reading a book in his room.
He is reading a book.
He is reading.
He is related to her by marriage.
He is relied on by everyone in the class.
He is rich and I am poor.
He is rich enough to buy that car.
He is rich enough to buy the painting.
He is rich enough to buy two cars.
He is richer than anybody else in town.
He is richer than anyone else in this town.
He is riding a bicycle.
He is said to be a genius.
He is said to be rich.
He is said to be very poor.
He is said to have been strong.
He is said to have something to do with the political scandal.
He is satisfied with the result.
He is saving in order to buy a house.
He is second to none.
He is selfish and greedy.
He is selling it just as it is.
He is shaking like a leaf.
He is sharp-witted.
He is short, but he is strong.
He is short, but strong.
He is sick.
He is similar to his father.
He is sincere in his promises.
He is small and weak.
He is smart enough to answer all the questions.
He is smart.
He is so aggressive that others avoid him.
He is so crazy about his new car that he goes driving every Sunday.
He is so heartless.
He is so impolite that everyone hates him.
He is something like his father.
He is something of a celebrity.
He is soon to be a father.
He is standing on the stage.
He is still alive.
He is still angry.
He is still full of energy.
He is still having doubts.
He is still here.
He is still in bed.
He is still not accustomed to city life.
He is still on the payroll of the company.
He is still sitting on the bench.
He is still standing.
He is still too young for the job.
He is still very much alive.
He is still young.
He is strong as a horse.
He is strong, brave and, above all, kind.
He is stronger than I am.
He is stronger than ever.
He is studying agriculture.
He is studying in the library now.
He is studying law at the university.
He is successful in everything.
He is such a nice person that everybody likes him.
He is such a show off.
He is suffering from a cold.
He is suffering from loss of memory.
He is suffering from toothache.
He is superior to her in math.
He is superior to his competitors in everything.
He is sure of success.
He is sure of winning.
He is sure that he will pass the next exam.
He is sure that he will succeed.
He is sure to come.
He is sure to pass the exam if he studies at this rate.
He is sure to succeed in the attempt.
He is sure to succeed.
He is sure to win the game.
He is sure to win.
He is swimming in the river.
He is taking a day off today.
He is taking a walk.
He is tall, but his brother is much taller.
He is tall.
He is taller than any other boy.
He is taller than his brother.
He is taller than his father.
He is taller than me by a head.
He is teaching Arabic.
He is terrible at speaking English.
He is the best for this project.
He is the best player on our team.
He is the black sheep of the family.
He is the boss's private secretary.
He is the bravest soldier that ever lived.
He is the chief of my department.
He is the chosen one.
He is the fastest runner in our class.
He is the father of three children.
He is the first Japanese that traveled in space.
He is the greatest poet that ever lived.
He is the image of his father.
He is the last man I want to see.
He is the last man to break his promise.
He is the last man to do such a thing.
He is the last person I want to see now.
He is the last person I would want to go skiing with.
He is the last person to betray his friends.
He is the least likely to come.
He is the older of the two.
He is the only child they have.
He is the only one that doesn't observe the custom.
He is the only person for the job.
He is the richest man in town.
He is the richest man on earth.
He is the right man for the job.
He is the right man for the post.
He is the son of a wealthy family.
He is the stingiest person I know.
He is the taller of the two.
He is the tallest boy.
He is the tallest in his class.
He is the tallest man that I have ever seen.
He is the tallest of all boys.
He is the tallest of his class.
He is the tallest of the three.
He is the tallest person in the class.
He is the tallest person in the world.
He is the very man for the job.
He is the very man that we've been looking for.
He is thinking about the problem.
He is thirsty for fame.
He is thirty years old.
He is tired from overwork.
He is tired of reading.
He is too cautious to try anything new.
He is too drunk to drive home.
He is too much of a coward to attempt it.
He is too sensitive.
He is too short to get at the book on the shelf.
He is too shy to talk to girls.
He is too wise not to know that.
He is totally dependent on his parents.
He is tremendously handsome.
He is trustworthy.
He is trying hard to give up smoking.
He is trying to quit smoking.
He is twice as old as I am.
He is twice as old as she is.
He is two inches taller than I am.
He is two years older than you.
He is unable to do it.
He is uncertain about his future.
He is unfit to be a teacher.
He is unmarried and has no brothers or sisters.
He is unmarried.
He is unpopular for some reason.
He is unquestionably the oldest man in the village.
He is unsatisfied with the result.
He is unsociable.
He is up to date.
He is used to getting up early.
He is used to hard work.
He is used to the work.
He is usually straightforward and sincere and thereby gains the confidence of those who meet him.
He is very a dangerous man.
He is very afraid of dogs.
He is very brave.
He is very careful.
He is very clever for a boy of ten.
He is very depressed.
He is very eager to go there.
He is very fast.
He is very fond of music.
He is very friendly to us.
He is very friendly, so I enjoy working with him.
He is very good at playing violin.
He is very handsome.
He is very honest.
He is very kind to me.
He is very kind.
He is very knowledgeable about French literature.
He is very mean to me.
He is very much interested in Japanese history.
He is very sensitive to cold.
He is very sick.
He is very slow at making friends with anybody.
He is very stingy with his money.
He is very talented.
He is very tall.
He is very young.
He is waiting for a telephone call.
He is walking very slowly.
He is washing a car.
He is washing his car.
He is washing the car.
He is watching TV now.
He is watching TV.
He is watching my every move.
He is wealthy in appearance but not in reality.
He is wearing a hat.
He is wearing glasses.
He is wearing gloves.
He is wearing sunglasses.
He is well known in our country.
He is well liked by his students.
He is well off now.
He is what is called a man of action.
He is what is called a self-made man.
He is what we call a musical genius.
He is what we call a pioneer.
He is what we call a scholar.
He is what we call a self-made man.
He is what we call a walking dictionary.
He is what you might call a bookworm.
He is wise enough not to do such a thing.
He is without doubt the most successful movie director in the world.
He is working as a security guard at a warehouse.
He is working hard in order to pass the entrance examination.
He is working hard to pass the examination.
He is working on a new novel.
He is working on the new plan.
He is worried about losing his job.
He is worthy of our praise.
He is writing a book.
He is writing a letter to his parents now.
He is young and ambitious.
He is young and immature.
He is younger than me by three years.
He is, indeed, a man of his word.
He isn't a diligent student.
He isn't able to buy a car.
He isn't able to do it.
He isn't able to do that.
He isn't actually the manager.
He isn't afraid of death.
He isn't alone anymore.
He isn't as energetic as he once was.
He isn't as stupid as he looks.
He isn't coming, either.
He isn't cruel to animals.
He isn't going to buy a camera.
He isn't happy at all.
He isn't here because he's ill.
He isn't here now.
He isn't like his brother.
He isn't lonely anymore.
He isn't married.
He isn't my brother. He's my cousin.
He isn't my cousin.
He isn't perfect.
He isn't richer than me.
He isn't smart enough to add up numbers in his head.
He isn't young.
He joined the English club.
He joined the United States Navy.
He joined the baseball club.
He joined the club last year.
He joined the opposing team.
He jumped across the puddle.
He jumped from one subject to another.
He jumped into the water.
He jumped out of bed.
He jumped out the window.
He jumped over a ditch.
He jumped over the hedge.
He jumped to his feet the moment he heard the news.
He just arrived.
He just barely managed to pass the test.
He just got home.
He just left.
He just missed the bus.
He just moved into an apartment he inherited from his parents.
He just returned from abroad.
He just shrugged his shoulders.
He just texted me.
He just texted me. I think he's drunk again.
He just wants attention.
He just wants to be left alone.
He just wants to impress us with his macho attitude and show us what a great guy he is.
He just won't listen. Talking to him is like talking to a brick wall.
He keeps a cat.
He keeps a diary in English.
He keeps making the same mistake.
He keeps two cats.
He kept all the windows open.
He kept calm in the face of the danger.
He kept his promise.
He kept his word.
He kept it hidden from me.
He kept it secret that he had bought a bicycle for his son.
He kept me from making a big mistake.
He kept me waiting for a long time.
He kept me waiting for more than an hour.
He kept me waiting on purpose.
He kept me waiting.
He kept on singing.
He kept on writing stories about animals.
He kept pace with her.
He kept quiet while we were talking.
He kept quite calm.
He kept silent for a while.
He kept singing.
He kept talking.
He kept the secret to himself.
He kept the truth from us.
He kept us waiting for more than an hour.
He kept walking back and forth.
He kicked in a lot of money.
He kicked the ball into the goal.
He kicked the ball.
He killed himself at the age of thirty.
He killed himself by taking poison.
He killed himself.
He killed that man.
He kindly drove me to the station.
He kissed her again.
He kissed her hand.
He kissed her.
He kissed his daughter on the forehead.
He kissed me on the forehead.
He kissed me passionately.
He kissed my neck.
He knew it all along.
He knew the news, but he kept it to himself.
He knocked at the door again and again, but there was no answer.
He knocked at the door.
He knocked on the closed door.
He knows German and French, not to mention English.
He knows a lot about animals.
He knows a lot about butterflies.
He knows a lot about foreign affairs.
He knows a lot about wild animals.
He knows a lot of people.
He knows close to nothing about this issue.
He knows every trick in the book.
He knows everything about Germany.
He knows hardly anything about it.
He knows how to advise people.
He knows how to bet.
He knows how to bind books.
He knows how to break the law without being caught.
He knows how to buy used cars.
He knows how to captivate his audience.
He knows how to catch birds.
He knows how to change his password.
He knows how to cheat people.
He knows how to clean his rifle.
He knows how to close this window.
He knows how to come to Tokyo.
He knows how to curse in Chinese.
He knows how to dance the tango.
He knows how to dive.
He knows how to draw animals.
He knows how to drive a car.
He knows how to drive a truck.
He knows how to eat with chopsticks.
He knows how to fight.
He knows how to find water in the desert.
He knows how to fish with a fishing rod.
He knows how to fly a helicopter.
He knows how to fry eggs.
He knows how to grill fish.
He knows how to help people.
He knows how to interrogate people.
He knows how to kill zombies.
He knows how to learn a language quickly.
He knows how to lock this door.
He knows how to make his wife happy.
He knows how to make women cry.
He knows how to milk a cow.
He knows how to open this door.
He knows how to plant palm trees.
He knows how to play poker.
He knows how to play trumpet.
He knows how to pluck a chicken.
He knows how to read Chinese.
He knows how to recognize aliens.
He knows how to ride a camel.
He knows how to sell houses.
He knows how to sharpen knives.
He knows how to speak to children.
He knows how to spend his money.
He knows how to swim.
He knows how to talk to customers.
He knows how to teach languages.
He knows how to tell jokes.
He knows how to tell lies.
He knows how to use this weapon.
He knows how to waste his time.
He knows how to whistle.
He knows lots.
He knows many amusing magic tricks.
He knows many folk dances.
He knows my wife.
He knows neither of us.
He knows no English.
He knows nothing about politics.
He knows that you know.
He knows the area like the back of his hand.
He knows the art of making friends.
He knows the city well.
He knows the secret.
He knows the truth.
He knows this town inside out.
He knows us very well.
He knows very well how to deceive people.
He knows what annoys her.
He knows what's going on.
He knows where we live.
He lacks common sense.
He lacks confidence.
He lacks judgement.
He lacks the talent to be an actor.
He laid aside a few dollars each week.
He laid down the gun.
He laid himself on the bed.
He laid his bag on the table.
He laid his head on the pillow.
He landed a big trout.
He laughed at my joke.
He laughed for no reason.
He laughed.
He lay awake for hours thinking about her.
He lay down on his back.
He lay on his back.
He lay on the bed.
He leads a hectic life.
He leaned against the wall.
He leaned over her and said, "No, I'm not lying."
He leaned towards me.
He leaped over the shallow ditch.
He learned how to raise cattle.
He learned how to swim.
He learned it the hard way.
He learned that poem by heart when he was five years old.
He learned the news while reading the newspaper.
He learned to swim.
He learns fast.
He leaves for New York next week.
He leaves for Tokyo tomorrow.
He led a hard life after that.
He led a simple life.
He led us to the station.
He left Africa forever.
He left Japan at the end of the year.
He left Japan never to come back.
He left Tokyo for Kyoto.
He left after me.
He left early in order not to be late.
He left early.
He left everything to chance.
He left for England at the beginning of August.
He left for Europe a week ago, that is, on the tenth of May.
He left for no reason whatsoever.
He left here a few days ago.
He left high school at seventeen.
He left his glasses at our place.
He left his hometown at the age of fifteen never to return.
He left his hometown on a cold morning.
He left his keys in the car.
He left his son a fortune.
He left his umbrella in the bus.
He left his umbrella on the bus.
He left his wife an enormous fortune.
He left his wife and children.
He left his wife.
He left immediately.
He left in the blink of an eye.
He left ten minutes ago.
He left the Mexican capital to return to Texas.
He left the book on the table.
He left the class because he was feeling sick.
He left the company on account of personal reasons.
He left the country after his grandfather's death.
He left the door open.
He left the door unlocked.
He left the house without saying goodbye.
He left the last page blank.
He left the meeting for no reason.
He left the motor running.
He left the office without saying a word to anyone.
He left the restaurant without paying.
He left the room as soon as I entered it.
He left the room without saying a word.
He left the room.
He left the window open.
He left without saying goodbye.
He lent me 30 pesos.
He lent me two books.
He let go of the rope.
He let his books fall to the floor.
He let his dog run free in the field.
He let me stay for a night.
He let us go.
He leveled his gun at me.
He lied about it.
He lied to his parents.
He lied to me.
He lied to my face.
He lied to us.
He lifted the trunk to show off his strength.
He liked making decisions.
He liked that.
He likes French more than German.
He likes Indian food.
He likes Italian food.
He likes adventure.
He likes all animals except horses.
He likes animals more than people.
He likes animals.
He likes being surrounded by young people.
He likes both music and sports.
He likes cantaloupe.
He likes chicken nuggets.
He likes coffee without sugar.
He likes fishing.
He likes games of chance.
He likes geography and history.
He likes ham and eggs.
He likes his coffee black.
He likes hunting.
He likes it when I do that.
He likes jazz, and so do I.
He likes listening to the radio.
He likes mathematics, but I don't.
He likes me and I like him too.
He likes money.
He likes music a lot.
He likes music very much.
He likes my jokes.
He likes oranges.
He likes playing football.
He likes playing soccer.
He likes potato salad.
He likes reading books.
He likes singing.
He likes sleeping.
He likes smoking in the toilet.
He likes soccer a lot.
He likes soccer.
He likes sweet tea.
He likes sweets.
He likes taking a walk by himself.
He likes taking care of the garden.
He likes taking walks.
He likes this guitar.
He likes tigers.
He likes to build model planes.
He likes to cook.
He likes to dress up as a police officer.
He likes to go to the beach now and then.
He likes to hunt.
He likes to listen to the radio.
He likes to play cards.
He likes to read books.
He likes to read newspapers.
He likes to run.
He likes to sing in the bathtub.
He likes to smoke in the toilet.
He likes to swim.
He likes to take electric devices apart.
He likes to talk about himself.
He likes to talk of love.
He likes to watch TV.
He likes to watch baseball games on TV.
He likes to work in the garden.
He likes vegetables, especially cabbage.
He likes walking in the park.
He likes watching TV.
He lingered in the classroom after school was over.
He listened closely to the speaker.
He listened to my opinion.
He listened to the music with his eyes closed.
He listened to the news on the radio as he fed his dog.
He listened, but heard nothing.
He lived a hard life.
He lived a simple life.
He lived alone in the forest.
He lived an unhappy life.
He lived and died in obscurity.
He lived in Ankara for six years.
He lived in Kobe for three years.
He lived in Kyoto in his college days.
He lived in Spain, I think.
He lived in the center of London.
He lived there all by himself.
He lived there completely alone.
He lived to be eighty years old.
He lived to be seventy years old.
He lives a long way away.
He lives above me.
He lives across the street from us.
He lives across the street.
He lives all alone in the woods.
He lives alone in the woods.
He lives alone.
He lives apart from his family.
He lives as if he were a millionaire.
He lives at the top of this hill.
He lives by himself in the woods.
He lives comfortably.
He lives far away from his hometown.
He lives far away from my house.
He lives from hand to mouth.
He lives frugally.
He lives in Kyoto.
He lives in Osaka.
He lives in Tokyo.
He lives in a gated community.
He lives in a huge house.
He lives in a luxury apartment close to Central Park.
He lives in a poor district of London.
He lives in a small town near Osaka.
He lives in a small village in Kyushu.
He lives in a suburb of London.
He lives in a very small room.
He lives in a world of fantasy.
He lives in an apartment.
He lives in an enormous house.
He lives in comfort.
He lives in his car.
He lives in luxury.
He lives in that house over there.
He lives in that yellow house.
He lives in the forest alone.
He lives in the western part of town.
He lives in the yellow house.
He lives in this lonely place by himself.
He lives like a king.
He lives near my house.
He lives near the beach.
He lives next door to us.
He lives next to me.
He lives off campus.
He lives off the grid.
He lives on his country estate.
He lives on this street.
He lives outside the city.
He lives somewhere around here.
He lives somewhere around the park.
He lives somewhere near that park.
He lives there alone.
He lives up there, up on that mountain.
He lives with his mom.
He lives with his mother.
He lives within a stone's throw of the school.
He lives within earshot of my house.
He lives within his means.
He locked himself in the bathroom.
He looked around the room.
He looked around the waiting room.
He looked around uneasily.
He looked around, but he saw no one.
He looked as if he had been ill.
He looked as if he hadn't eaten for days.
He looked as if nothing had happened.
He looked asleep, but he was really dead.
He looked at her angrily.
He looked at me in surprise.
He looked at the ship through his telescope.
He looked back at the pretty girl.
He looked back at us many times and walked away.
He looked for every possible means of escape.
He looked for his book for an hour.
He looked for the key.
He looked her right in the eye.
He looked him up and down.
He looked just like his picture on the wall of the theater.
He looked like a deer caught in the headlights.
He looked like a doctor.
He looked like a rich man.
He looked me in the eye.
He looked much better this morning than yesterday.
He looked pretty tired.
He looked quite tired.
He looked up at the ceiling.
He looked up at the night sky.
He looked up at the stars.
He looked up the word in his dictionary.
He looked up the word in the dictionary.
He looked very happy.
He looked very tired.
He looked well.
He looks a bit tired.
He looks as if he had been ill.
He looks bored.
He looks confused.
He looks down on everybody else.
He looks exactly like his brother.
He looks good for his age.
He looks healthy.
He looks his age.
He looks like a good boy.
He looks like a horse.
He looks like a millionaire.
He looks like a player.
He looks like his father.
He looks like his mother.
He looks like your brother.
He looks much better now.
He looks nothing like a doctor.
He looks old for his age.
He looks old, but he hasn't reached 30 yet.
He looks older than my brother.
He looks pale.
He looks stern.
He looks strong.
He looks suspicious.
He looks tired this evening.
He looks very good.
He looks very tired.
He looks young for his age.
He looks young.
He loses his temper easily.
He loses self-control when he's drunk.
He lost a book.
He lost all his belongings.
He lost all his possessions.
He lost all of his money gambling.
He lost both his girlfriend and his job.
He lost both his parents at an early age.
He lost everything he owned.
He lost everything.
He lost face.
He lost his balance and fell down.
He lost his balance and fell off his bicycle.
He lost his balance and fell off the ladder.
He lost his cool and started throwing things.
He lost his credibility because he betrayed a friend.
He lost his eyesight in an accident.
He lost his eyesight.
He lost his honor.
He lost his job.
He lost his life in a traffic accident.
He lost his life in an accident.
He lost his movie ticket.
He lost his new watch.
He lost his parents in a plane accident.
He lost his patience and hit the boy.
He lost his sense of direction in the dark woods.
He lost his sight.
He lost his temper and hit the boy.
He lost his temper with me.
He lost his temper.
He lost his ticket for the movie.
He lost his umbrella again.
He lost his way in the snow.
He lost his way in the woods.
He lost sight of his friend in the crowd.
He lost sight of that bird.
He lost sight of the bird.
He lost the sight of one eye in a traffic accident.
He lost two sons in the war.
He loved her very much.
He loved me, but he doesn't love me anymore.
He loved to laugh and enjoy life.
He loves animals.
He loves attention.
He loves coffee.
He loves fishing.
He loves going to the theater.
He loves her.
He loves her. She loves him, too.
He loves his daughter, but his wife doesn't.
He loves music.
He loves nightclubs.
He loves singing.
He loves soccer.
He loves taking trips.
He loves the tigers.
He loves to fish.
He loves to gossip.
He loves to make a mountain out of a molehill.
He loves to party.
He loves trains.
He loves traveling.
He loves us.
He made a bad decision.
He made a gesture of impatience.
He made a gesture with his hand.
He made a grave mistake.
He made a joke about it.
He made a mistake and drank poison.
He made a mistake on purpose.
He made a mistake.
He made a resolution to write in his diary every day.
He made a rude reply.
He made a small dog house.
He made a speech in English at the meeting.
He made a speech in support of the plan.
He made a very valuable discovery.
He made a wisecrack.
He made an accurate report of the incident.
He made an apology.
He made an error, as he often does.
He made an important discovery.
He made believe he was a doctor.
He made for home.
He made for the door and tried to escape.
He made friends with Tom.
He made fun of me in public.
He made fun of my accent.
He made fun of our ignorance.
He made her a new coat.
He made her cry.
He made her happy.
He made her his wife.
He made his parents happy.
He made his suggestion very tactfully.
He made his way through difficulties.
He made his way through the crowd.
He made his way to the minister.
He made his will last year.
He made it clear that he had nothing to do with the matter.
He made it for his sister.
He made it.
He made me a new suit.
He made me a suit.
He made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
He made me do it.
He made me happy yesterday.
He made me his assistant.
He made me sing.
He made me so angry that I got a headache.
He made mistake after mistake.
He made no effort to accept his daughter's boyfriend.
He made no response.
He made reference to my book.
He made remarkable progress in English.
He made several corrections.
He made such a long speech that we all got bored.
He made the children laugh.
He made the company what it is today.
He made the first move.
He made the right choice.
He made up a story about the king.
He made up an excuse.
He made up his mind quickly.
He made up his mind right away.
He made up his mind to be a doctor.
He made up his mind to be a fireman.
He made up his mind to become a pilot.
He made up his mind to marry her.
He made up his mind to try again.
He made up his mind to write in his diary every day.
He made up his mind.
He made up that story.
He made up the story.
He made up the whole story.
He made us do the work.
He made us work till late at night.
He mailed a letter home.
He maintains his car well.
He maintains that it's true.
He majors in English literature.
He majors in modern literature.
He makes a point of attending class meetings.
He makes frequent visits to Japan on business.
He makes friends with everybody he meets.
He makes fun of everybody.
He makes good use of his time.
He makes his living by singing.
He makes it a rule never to speak ill of others.
He makes it a rule to get up at six every day.
He makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
He makes life miserable for everyone around him.
He makes mistakes every time he speaks English.
He makes most, if not all, of the important decisions for his company.
He makes three times more money than I do.
He managed to be on time for class.
He managed to climb the mountain.
He managed to escape through a window.
He managed to escape.
He managed to get there in time.
He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver.
He managed to run the machine.
He married a Canadian girl.
He married a dark-haired Italian girl.
He married a farmer's daughter.
He married a pretty girl.
He married a rich girl.
He married a very young girl.
He married an actress.
He married his daughter to a lawyer.
He married his daughter to a rich man.
He married my cousin.
He married twice and had more than 20 children.
He may be a genius.
He may be able to come tomorrow.
He may be clever, but he is not very helpful.
He may be clever, but he often makes careless mistakes.
He may be on the next train.
He may be rich, but he is stingy.
He may be sick in bed.
He may be the very man that I need.
He may change his mind later.
He may come today.
He may have been ill.
He may have been right.
He may have missed his usual bus.
He may have missed the last train.
He may have missed the plane.
He may have missed the train.
He may have read the letter.
He may have taken the wrong train.
He may have told a lie.
He may miss his train.
He may well be right.
He meant no harm.
He meets his girlfriend on Saturdays.
He mentioned her name for the first time.
He mentioned in passing that he intended to get married.
He mentioned it.
He mentioned the incident to his wife.
He met a nice young man.
He met his wife online.
He met with an accident.
He met with reporters to talk about his decision.
He might have been sleeping at that time.
He might have lost his way.
He might have missed the last train.
He might not be happy.
He missed his flight.
He missed the deadline.
He missed the last train by a minute.
He missed the last train.
He missed the train because of the traffic accident.
He missed the train by a minute.
He misses his family.
He mistook me for my mother.
He mistook me for my twin brother.
He moved close to her.
He moved out of his parents' place.
He moved to Istanbul with his wife.
He moved to New York, where he looked for a job.
He moved to Tokyo last month.
He moves quickly.
He must be Tom's brother.
He must be a fool to do so.
He must be a fool to do such a thing.
He must be a good walker to have walked such a long distance.
He must be at least 35 years old.
He must be aware of the danger.
He must be crazy to behave like that.
He must be crazy to do such a thing.
He must be crazy to say such a thing.
He must be dead.
He must be from the South.
He must be innocent.
He must be nearly forty.
He must be over fifty.
He must be over sixty.
He must be severely punished.
He must be stopped at all costs.
He must be the principal.
He must be tired.
He must be very angry to say such a thing.
He must be very happy.
He must buy a new bicycle for his son.
He must finish his homework today.
He must have abused the privilege.
He must have been brought up in a good family.
He must have been named after his grandfather.
He must have been rich.
He must have drunk too much last night.
He must have gotten over his cold.
He must have left the water running.
He must have lost his marbles.
He must have missed the train.
He must have said so without giving it much thought.
He must have seen it.
He must have studied English hard.
He must like taking walks.
He must love you.
He must not live.
He narrowly escaped being killed.
He narrowly escaped death.
He need not have run so fast.
He needed the money.
He needs an umbrella.
He needs assistants.
He needs it.
He needs money.
He needs the money.
He needs to be the center of attention.
He neglected his duties.
He neglects his studies.
He negotiated a lower price with the real estate agent.
He neither wrote nor telephoned.
He never appears before nine o'clock.
He never asked me.
He never breaks his promise.
He never breaks promises.
He never cared much for me.
He never drinks alcohol.
He never fails to do what he says.
He never fails to write home once a month.
He never fails to write to his mother every week.
He never fully recovered from his injuries.
He never gave in to temptation.
He never gave way to temptation.
He never gets invited to parties.
He never gets up early in the morning.
He never goes out after dark.
He never keeps his word.
He never laughs at my jokes.
He never laughs when I tell him a joke.
He never laughs.
He never lies.
He never listens to what his father says.
He never loses his head.
He never loses hope.
He never opens his mouth without complaining about something.
He never returned from that expedition.
He never said it again.
He never saw Tom again.
He never saw his father again.
He never saw his sister again.
He never seemed to accomplish anything.
He never speaks English without making mistakes.
He never speaks of the accident.
He never takes me out for dinner.
He never takes the train.
He never tells a lie.
He never touches alcoholic drinks.
He never turns his back on a friend in need.
He never wears a tie.
He no longer lives here.
He no longer works here.
He nodded to me as he passed.
He nodded to me.
He nodded to show that he agreed with me.
He not only speaks French, but he speaks Spanish, too.
He noticed I was there.
He noticed a hole in his jacket, but he tried to ignore it.
He obviously lied.
He occasionally reads detective novels.
He occasionally visited me.
He offered no specific explanation for his strange behavior.
He offered ten dollars for our old radio.
He offered to help me.
He often accuses her of never listening to what he says.
He often appears on TV.
He often asks silly questions.
He often changes his mind.
He often comes late to school.
He often comes late.
He often doesn't come to school.
He often drives his father's car.
He often eats breakfast there.
He often eats out on Saturday nights.
He often falls in love.
He often gets angry at small things.
He often gets worked up over little things.
He often goes abroad on business.
He often goes to Japan on business.
He often goes to the library by car.
He often goes with her to watch movies.
He often helps others.
He often laughs at his own jokes.
He often leaves work very late.
He often lets me use his typewriter.
He often plays guitar.
He often plays the guitar.
He often quotes Shakespeare.
He often quotes from Shakespeare.
He often quotes the Bible.
He often reads far into the night.
He often shuts himself up in the study and writes things like this.
He often sits by me and listens to music.
He often tells us we must help one another.
He often travels to foreign countries.
He often walks with his hand in his pocket.
He often watches TV.
He often went fishing on Sundays when the weather was good.
He often writes letters to his parents.
He often writes to his parents in Japan.
He often writes to his parents.
He once had a lot of land.
He once owned a lot of land.
He only had 100 dollars.
He only speaks one language.
He only wanted guns and ammunition.
He opened a can of worms.
He opened his mouth wide.
He opened the cages.
He opened the door, though I told him not to.
He opened the door.
He opened the drawer, and took out a letter.
He opposed the plan.
He ordered a beer.
He ordered me to leave the room at once.
He ordered me to stand up.
He ordered them to release the prisoner.
He ordered them to release the prisoners.
He ordered three dinners.
He organized a boycott of the bus service.
He ought to be ashamed of his ignorance.
He ought to have arrived home by now.
He ought to have made allowances for his age.
He overcame many difficulties.
He overlooked my mistake.
He overslept this morning.
He owes his success to good luck.
He owes his success to his parents.
He owes me a favor.
He owes me a lot of money.
He owes me one.
He owes much of his success to his wife.
He owns a good few sheep.
He owns a lot of land.
He owns a very valuable wristwatch.
He owns this land.
He packed his lunch in a paper bag.
He paid $20 for the lipstick.
He paid 1,000 yen for this book.
He paid a visit to his friend.
He paid double the usual fare.
He paid me a compliment.
He paid no attention to my advice.
He paid the money back.
He paid the money into his account.
He paid the money on the spot.
He painted a dog.
He painted a picture of a dog.
He painted all the walls green.
He painted the ceiling blue.
He painted the door blue.
He painted the door over white.
He painted the picture which is on the wall.
He parked his car behind the building.
He parked his car in front of the building.
He participated in the debate.
He passed away quite suddenly.
He passed away yesterday.
He passed by without looking at me.
He passed the entrance examination.
He passed the examination.
He passed the test as was expected.
He patted his brother on the shoulder.
He patted me on the shoulder.
He paused to have a cigarette.
He paused to look at the poster.
He pays no attention to others' feelings.
He pays with a credit card.
He permitted them to walk in the garden.
He pestered her with questions.
He picked flowers for her.
He picked up a handkerchief from the floor.
He picked up a hat and put it on to see how it would look.
He picked up a mirror and looked at his tongue.
He picked up a red stone.
He picked up a stone.
He picked up the rifle and aimed it at the target.
He placed his hand on my shoulder.
He placed the ladder against the fence.
He planned the attack carefully.
He planned to murder his boss, but did not carry it out.
He plans to buy a new bicycle.
He played a key role in the movement.
He played a minor part in the play.
He played a trick on his friend.
He played a tune for the girl that he'd written himself.
He played an active part in the revolution.
He played an important role on the committee.
He played baseball after school.
He played golf every day during his vacation.
He played his trump card.
He played piano by ear.
He played tennis yesterday.
He played tennis.
He played the guitar and she played the piano.
He played with his cat.
He plays cello exceptionally well.
He plays chess very well.
He plays golf every Sunday.
He plays golf on weekends.
He plays golf two or three times a month.
He plays tennis every day.
He plays tennis three times a week.
He plays the piano better than I do.
He plays the piano better than me.
He plays the piano very well.
He plays the violin very well.
He plunged into the water head first.
He pointed out some spelling errors to her.
He pointed to the tower over there.
He politely corrected me.
He popped the trunk.
He posed a problem.
He possessed a large house and two cars.
He practiced every day at home.
He practices the piano every day, so he can become a pianist.
He praised the girl for her honesty.
He prays several times a day.
He prefers French to German.
He prepared carefully for the meeting.
He prepared for the worst.
He prepared his speech very carefully.
He presented her with a doll.
He presented his card.
He presented me with a bouquet of flowers.
He pressed down on the suitcase to close it.
He pressed his ear against the wall.
He pressed his face against the shop window.
He pressed his pants.
He pressed the brake pedal.
He pressed the button and waited.
He pretended not to be hurt.
He pretended not to be listening.
He pretended not to hear me.
He pretended not to know me.
He pretended not to see me.
He pretended that he was a lawyer.
He pretended to be a doctor.
He pretended to be a stupid man.
He pretended to be an Englishman, but his foreign accent gave him away.
He pretended to be my friend.
He pretended to be sick.
He pretends not to care about money.
He pretends to be deaf.
He pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around.
He pricked up his ears.
He prided himself on his punctuality.
He prided himself on his self control.
He probably won't approve your proposal.
He probably won't come.
He proceeded to the next question.
He promised he would help us.
He promised he would tell us.
He promised me he would be here at six.
He promised me he wouldn't tell anyone.
He promised me that he won't tell anybody.
He promised me that he would be more careful in the future.
He promised me that he would come at four.
He promised me that he wouldn't tell anybody.
He promised not to say it.
He promised not to smoke.
He promised not to tell that to anyone.
He promised not to tell.
He promised that he would never lie again.
He promised to bring new industries to the region, but politicians rarely keep their word.
He promised to come home early tonight.
He promised to come, but he didn't come.
He promised to help me, but at the last minute he let me down.
He promised to marry her.
He promised to write every day.
He proofread my manuscript.
He proposal was not acceptable.
He proposed to the young woman.
He proved to be an ideal husband.
He proved to be honest.
He provided us with everything we needed.
He provides for his family.
He pulled a coin out of his pocket.
He pushed her into the swimming pool.
He pushed his nose against the window.
He pushed his way through the crowd.
He pushed me gently.
He pushed past me.
He pushed the cat into the swimming pool.
He put a cap on his head.
He put a lot of money in savings.
He put all his heart and soul into it.
He put down his thoughts in his notebook.
He put her savings to good use.
He put his arm around her waist.
He put his hands in his pockets.
He put his head out of the window.
He put his money in the bag.
He put his room in order.
He put his thoughts on paper.
He put in a good word for me.
He put in ten hours of overtime this week.
He put milk in his coffee.
He put milk into his tea and stirred it.
He put off his trip to Okinawa.
He put on his glasses and began to read.
He put on his sweater wrong side out.
He put on his undershirt inside out.
He put on the red jacket.
He put salt into his cup of coffee by mistake.
He put some sugar and milk in his tea.
He put the blame upon me.
He put the book on the desk.
He put the book on the shelf.
He put the book on the table.
He put the key in the lock.
He put the key on the desk as usual.
He put the luggage down.
He put the ring on Mary's finger.
He put up a flag.
He puts aside some money every month.
He puts on a show of being impartial and unbiased, but I think he's just a guy with no opinion of his own.
He quarrelled with his brother.
He quarrels with every person he knows.
He quickly adjusted to the new situation.
He quickly went out of the room.
He quit smoking cold turkey.
He quit smoking.
He quit without notice.
He raised a question.
He raised his arm.
He raised his hand to ask a question.
He raised his hand to stop a taxi.
He raised his hand.
He raised his hat when he saw me.
He raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp.
He raises horses and cattle.
He ran across the street, leaving her alone.
He ran an ad in the paper.
He ran and ran, but could not catch up with his dog.
He ran as fast as he could.
He ran away as soon as he saw me.
He ran away at the sight of a policeman.
He ran away when he saw the policeman.
He ran away with the diamond.
He ran away with the money.
He ran faster than his brother did.
He ran five miles.
He ran for governor of California.
He ran for his life.
He ran his fingers through her hair.
He ran into debt.
He ran into the classroom.
He ran into the room.
He ran out of the room in anger.
He ran outside naked.
He ran past without noticing her.
He ran so fast that he was out of breath.
He ran so he would get there on time.
He ran the risk of being caught and imprisoned.
He ran the risk of having an accident.
He ran through the streets naked.
He ran too fast for me to keep up with him.
He ran too fast for us to catch up with.
He ran toward me as fast as he could.
He ran up the stairs.
He ran water into the bathtub.
He ran.
He rang me up at midnight.
He rang the doorbell.
He rarely gives up.
He rarely goes to the movies.
He rarely stays home on Sunday.
He ratted us out.
He reached across the table and shook my hand.
He reached for the book.
He reached for the pistol.
He reached his goal.
He reached the rank of general.
He read a book written in English.
He read the article over and over again.
He read the book yesterday.
He read the document aloud.
He read this book yesterday.
He readily agreed to it.
He reads a good deal.
He reads a great deal.
He reads before bedtime.
He realized his dream of becoming an artist.
He really likes music a lot.
He really likes playing the guitar.
He really likes science fiction novels a lot.
He really likes traveling a lot.
He really wants to buy a new motorcycle.
He received a good education in England.
He received a good education.
He received a large sum of money in compensation for his injury.
He received a registered letter.
He received me cordially.
He received quite a few letters this morning.
He recommended this dictionary to me.
He refused the food with disgust.
He refused to notice me.
He refused to pay.
He refused to take the bribe.
He regained consciousness three hours after the accident.
He regrets having been lazy.
He regrets not having worked harder at school.
He regretted having quit his job.
He regretted it afterwards.
He regretted not having taken my advice.
He relented.
He reluctantly went to see her.
He remained a bachelor all his life.
He remained a poor man.
He remained calm even in the presence of danger.
He remained poor all his life.
He remained poor despite being a hard worker.
He remained silent for a while.
He remained silent.
He remained steadfast to his principles.
He reminded his wife to wake him up at 7:00 a.m.
He reminds me of his father when he speaks.
He reminds me of my grandfather.
He reminds me of somebody.
He removed him from the list.
He removed his shirt.
He removed his sunglasses.
He rented a room on the top floor in order to enjoy a good view.
He repaired my watch for me.
He repairs his own car.
He repeated his question.
He reported the accident to his insurance company.
He represented the labor union on the committee.
He rescued a boy from drowning.
He resembles his father in his way of talking.
He resembles his grandfather.
He resembles his mother.
He resented being called a coward.
He resented that she was dating his brother.
He resigned from his office.
He resigned from the post.
He resigned his post on account of illness.
He resolved to do better work in the future.
He respects me.
He rested and became stronger.
He rested his hand on my shoulder.
He resumed his work after a short break.
He resumed reading after lunch.
He retired to his own room after supper.
He returned from China.
He returned from Holland in June.
He returned from abroad yesterday.
He returned home after being away for ten months.
He returned home for the first time in ten years.
He returned home without telling us.
He returned to Japan after graduating from college.
He returned to Japan.
He returned to his native village, where he spent the last few years of his life.
He returned very late at night.
He ridiculed my idea.
He ripped his shirt open.
He ripped the envelope open.
He risked his life to save her.
He robbed an old lady.
He robbed me of my bag.
He robbed me of my purse.
He rode his bicycle there.
He rose from his chair to welcome me.
He rose to his feet to greet me.
He ruined my life.
He runs a company in Meguro.
He runs a shoe shop.
He runs a supermarket in the town.
He runs as fast as you.
He runs fast.
He runs in the park every day.
He runs the business with his sons.
He runs to the station every morning.
He runs very fast.
He runs.
He rushed out of the office.
He sacrificed everything for you.
He said better times were ahead for the country.
He said good night to his parents.
He said he could swim well.
He said he did not know the man, which was a lie.
He said he did not want to be president.
He said he had more important things to do.
He said he was poor.
He said he would come.
He said he would cut taxes.
He said hello to the woman.
He said his father was an architect and that he wanted to be one too.
He said his name was Tom.
He said military force would not be needed.
He said nothing that would make her angry.
He said nothing, which made her angry.
He said nothing.
He said that I must go there.
He said that I shouldn't even be coming in today.
He said that Tokyo is a safe city.
He said that everything would turn out well.
He said that he didn't know.
He said that he gets up at 6 o'clock every day.
He said that he had left his wallet at home.
He said that he had met her on the previous day.
He said that he takes a walk every morning.
He said that he wanted some money.
He said that he was happy.
He said that he was hungry.
He said that he was very happy.
He said that he would be back soon.
He said that he would come back here tomorrow.
He said that he would help me.
He said that if he had much money, he would buy the dictionary.
He said that if he were there, he would help her.
He said that necessity is the mother of invention.
He said that that girl had kissed him.
He said that you had better go.
He said there was no life on Mars.
He said they should stay out of politics.
He said they wanted to fight until every black man was free.
He said they were responsible for the present problem.
He said to her under his breath, "I love you."
He said to himself, "I will do it."
He said to himself, "Will this operation result in success?"
He said two or three words and left.
He said we just crossed the International Date Line.
He said, "I want to be a doctor."
He said, "I want to be a scientist."
He said, "I will say nothing more, because I hate making excuses."
He said, "It's nine o'clock."
He said, "Leave me alone."
He said, "Let's take a short rest."
He said, "So long, my friends," and left us.
He sang a medley of Simon and Garfunkel hits.
He sang a song.
He sang and sang.
He sang some old songs.
He sat and listened to the radio.
He sat beside her with his eyes closed.
He sat down and read the paper.
He sat down to read a novel.
He sat down to read a story.
He sat in the chair.
He sat looking out of the window.
He sat next to me.
He sat next to the stream.
He sat on the bed.
He sat on the bench.
He sat smoking on the bench.
He sat surrounded by his children.
He sat surrounded by his family.
He sat surrounded by young girls.
He sat there and smoked a pipe.
He sat there smoking a pipe.
He sat there surrounded by his children.
He satisfied his thirst with a large glass of beer.
He saved a hundred dollars.
He saved a little boy from drowning.
He saved her at the cost of his own life.
He saved himself somehow.
He saved no less than ten thousand dollars.
He saved the boy at the risk of his own life.
He saved the princess.
He saved us all.
He saves what he earns.
He saw a butterfly on the wall.
He saw a light far away.
He saw a lot of animals on the road.
He saw a pretty girl.
He saw everything.
He saw he was wrong.
He saw himself as the savior of the world.
He saw it, too.
He saw no advantage in waiting any longer.
He saw suicide as the only way out.
He saw the girl.
He saw the surprise on my face.
He says he drinks to forget.
He says he has a bone to pick with you.
He says he has been to Hawaii before.
He says he is leaving the country for good.
He says he likes flowers.
He says he met my father.
He says he must get rid of the mice that are in the attic.
He says he will come.
He says he won't come.
He says his son can count up to 100 now.
He says it's urgent.
He says that he enjoyed it very much.
He says that he has no memory of the evening.
He says that he saw nothing. However, I don't believe what he says is the truth.
He says we should go that way.
He says what he thinks regardless of other people's feelings.
He scolded her.
He scraped the mud off his boots.
He scratched his head out of habit.
He screamed for help.
He screams a lot.
He searched all day for the letter.
He seated himself beside her.
He seated himself on the bench.
He secretly showed me her photo.
He secretly showed me her photograph.
He secretly showed me her picture.
He seemed really nervous.
He seemed to be ill.
He seemed to be in a good mood.
He seemed to have been ill.
He seemed to have been rich.
He seemed to know everything about me.
He seemed to like that.
He seems absorbed in his work.
He seems as busy as ever.
He seems disappointed in his son.
He seems honest.
He seems hungry.
He seems ill.
He seems interested in her.
He seems interested in me.
He seems kind.
He seems like a respectable businessman, but he's really part of the Mafia.
He seems more or less familiar with the subject.
He seems not to agree.
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
He seems quite happy.
He seems tired.
He seems to be all thumbs.
He seems to be asleep.
He seems to be friendly.
He seems to be having trouble breathing.
He seems to be honest.
He seems to be ill.
He seems to be indifferent to politics.
He seems to be involved in that matter.
He seems to be rich now.
He seems to be rich.
He seems to be sick.
He seems to be very fond of the boy.
He seems to be very sleepy.
He seems to be wary of us.
He seems to have a touch of fever.
He seems to have been ill for a long time.
He seems to have been rich.
He seems to have been sick last week.
He seems to have caught a cold.
He seems to have left the country.
He seems to have no sense of humor.
He seems to have something to do with it.
He seems to know all about her past.
He seems to know nothing about the matter.
He seems to know the secret.
He seems to know us.
He sees nothing wrong with it.
He seldom comes to see me.
He seldom gets angry or irritated.
He seldom gets angry.
He seldom gets sick because he is careful about his health.
He seldom goes to church.
He seldom orders anything new.
He seldom stays home on Sundays.
He seldom, if ever, comes.
He seldom, if ever, goes to church.
He seldom, if ever, goes to the barber's.
He seldom, if ever, goes to the movies.
He seldom, if ever, laughs.
He seldom, if ever, reads a book.
He sells cars.
He sells fruit.
He sells radios.
He sells whisky.
He sent a card to Mary.
He sent about 2.2 billion spam emails over a period of around one and a half years.
He sent an immediate reply to my telegram.
He sent fruits and vegetables to his daughter.
He sent me a birthday card.
He sent me a brief note.
He sent me a comic book from Germany.
He sent me a letter asking if the book had reached me.
He sent me a present.
He sent the letter back unopened.
He served his king faithfully.
He set fire to his own house.
He set his house on fire.
He set off to Paris.
He set out for Tokyo this morning.
He severely criticized the mayor.
He shall have it.
He shamed his whole family by his conduct.
He shared his soup with me.
He shaved his head.
He shaved his mustache off.
He shaves four times a week.
He shined his shoes.
He shooed the flies away.
He shook hands with his friend.
He shook hands with the mayor.
He shook his head.
He shook my hand.
He shot an arrow at the soldier.
He shot at me.
He shot him in the knee.
He shot himself this morning.
He should be angry.
He should come right away!
He should have been a lawyer.
He should have been an actor.
He should have been more careful.
He should have bought a used car.
He should have bought some pencils.
He should have done it that way.
He should have done that long ago.
He should have kept his mouth shut.
He should have the right to decide for himself.
He should have worked harder.
He should thank me.
He should thank you.
He shouted at the top of his voice.
He shouts a lot.
He showed an interest in the book.
He showed courage in the face of danger.
He showed her the way.
He showed interest in the plan.
He showed it to me.
He showed little interest in books or music.
He showed me a lot of beautiful photos.
He showed me around.
He showed me her picture.
He showed me his album.
He showed me his collection of stamps.
He showed me his new car.
He showed me his photograph album.
He showed me his stamp collection.
He showed me how to use this camera.
He showed me the manuscript of his new play.
He showed me the way to the station.
He showed me the way.
He showed off his new watch.
He showed up late to practice.
He showed us a beautiful hat.
He showed us a picture of his mother.
He showed us some pictures.
He showed what he meant.
He showered her with compliments.
He shrugged his shoulders.
He shut the door and went upstairs.
He shut the door behind him.
He shut the door.
He sighed deeply and headed to the corridor.
He signed the check.
He sketched an apple.
He slammed his door shut.
He slammed the door right in my face.
He slept all day.
He slept an hour.
He slept in the car.
He slept soundly.
He slept well last night.
He slept with the window open.
He slipped me a note.
He slipped on a banana peel.
He slipped while crossing the street.
He slowly let the clutch out and drove off.
He smells bad.
He smiled at me and got on the train.
He smiled at us and got on the train.
He smoked a cigar after lunch.
He smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
He smokes like a chimney and drinks like a fish.
He sneaked around to the back door.
He snuck out to meet up with a girl.
He sold all that he owned.
He sold his business and retired.
He sold us out.
He solved every problem.
He solved the difficult problem easily.
He solved the difficult problem.
He solved the problem by himself.
He somehow managed to swim across the river.
He sometimes ate out with his family.
He sometimes comes to see me.
He sometimes eats lunch there, too.
He sometimes forgets to take books back to the library.
He sometimes goes to Tokyo on business.
He sometimes loses hope.
He sometimes makes dinner for us.
He sometimes visits me.
He soon accustomed himself to cold weather.
He soon got used to the new surroundings.
He sought shelter from the rain.
He sounded disappointed.
He sounds disappointed.
He speaks Arabic.
He speaks Chinese very well.
He speaks Chinese.
He speaks English and French.
He speaks English as if he were an American.
He speaks English better than I do.
He speaks English fairly well.
He speaks English fluently.
He speaks English like a native.
He speaks English very well.
He speaks English well.
He speaks English with a German accent.
He speaks English with a Russian accent.
He speaks English with a strong German accent.
He speaks English.
He speaks French fluently.
He speaks French.
He speaks Hebrew very well.
He speaks Japanese as if he were Japanese.
He speaks Portuguese.
He speaks Russian perfectly.
He speaks Russian.
He speaks as if he had read the book before.
He speaks as if he were rich.
He speaks broken French.
He speaks five languages.
He speaks fluently.
He speaks four languages.
He speaks poor French.
He speaks quickly.
He speaks ten languages.
He speaks too fast.
He speaks two languages besides English.
He spends a great deal of money on books.
He spends all his time extolling her virtues.
He spends his evenings in front of his laptop.
He spends too much money.
He spent all night cramming for the test.
He spent all of his money on a car.
He spent much of his time reading.
He spent the evening reading a book.
He spent the night at his uncle's place.
He spent three years in jail.
He spoke for ten minutes without a pause.
He spoke highly of you.
He spoke in a broken English that was hard to understand.
He spoke more and more loudly.
He spoke too quickly for the students.
He spoke under his breath.
He spoke very loudly.
He spoke very well.
He spoke well of her son.
He spoke with a softness characteristic of southerners.
He spoke.
He sprinted to catch up to them.
He squashed my hat flat.
He squashed the insect with the heel of his foot.
He squeezed the toothpaste out of a tube.
He stamped out a fire.
He stared at her with hatred.
He stared at me and said nothing.
He stared at me.
He started a new life.
He started his day with a good breakfast.
He started laughing hysterically.
He started singing.
He started swearing.
He started taking salsa lessons.
He started the day with a good breakfast.
He started to learn Spanish from the radio.
He started to sing.
He stayed at a cheap hotel.
He stayed at a nice hotel.
He stayed at home all day instead of going out.
He stayed at the hotel for two days.
He stayed at the hotel.
He stayed here for a while.
He stayed in London over a month.
He stayed in New York for three weeks.
He stayed in the hotel.
He stayed there for three days.
He stayed up late last night.
He stayed up late.
He stays in touch with her.
He stepped on my foot on purpose.
He sticks to his principles.
He still has a white vest.
He still has much to learn.
He still has three servants.
He still keeps up his interest in music.
He still lives with his parents.
He still loves her.
He still remembers the day his mother found out he was smoking.
He still writes novels from time to time, but not as often as he used to.
He still writes to me from time to time.
He stole a glance at the girl.
He stole money from me.
He stole my heart.
He stole my watch.
He stole the money from my safe.
He stole the money.
He stood aloof from her.
He stood apart from us.
He stood at the end of the line.
He stood behind me.
He stood behind the chair.
He stood by me whenever I was in trouble.
He stood in front of me.
He stood out because he was wearing a suit.
He stood there for a while.
He stood there with his eyes closed.
He stood up and took a deep breath.
He stood up for what was right.
He stood up.
He stood with his back to the wall.
He stopped looking for the pearl.
He stopped reading a book.
He stopped reading the newspaper.
He stopped smoking and started running.
He stopped smoking because his wife and children asked him to.
He stopped smoking last year.
He stopped smoking on his doctor's advice.
He stopped smoking.
He stopped talking.
He struck a match, but quickly put it out.
He struggled to keep up with his classmates.
He stubbed out his cigar in the ashtray and stood up to leave.
He stuck a flower in his buttonhole.
He stuck his knife into the tree.
He stuck out his tongue at his teacher.
He stuck the book in his bag.
He stuck the notice on the board with tacks.
He stuck to his job.
He stuck to his promise.
He stuck to the original plan.
He studied English history.
He studied abroad.
He studied hard and passed the test.
He studied hard in order to pass the examination.
He studied hard.
He studied interior decoration.
He studied military history.
He studied the harder because he was praised by his teacher.
He studied the way birds fly.
He studies American history.
He studies computational linguistics.
He studies contemporary literature.
He studies day and night.
He studies harder than any other student does in his class.
He studies much harder than before.
He studies ten hours a day on average.
He stuffed his laundry into a large bag.
He stuffed the money into his pocket.
He substituted for his father.
He succeeded in business.
He succeeded in swimming across the river.
He succeeded to his estate.
He succeeded to his uncle's fortune.
He suddenly fell ill.
He suddenly missed his watch.
He suddenly noticed his wallet was missing.
He suddenly stopped talking.
He suffered from a bad cold.
He suffered great losses.
He suffered internal injuries in the car accident.
He suggested I go with him to the party.
He suggested a plan similar to mine.
He suggested that the meeting be put off till Monday.
He suggested that we go for a swim.
He suggested that we should put off our departure.
He suggested that we take a short rest.
He suggested to her that she should buy it.
He survived his wife.
He survived the plane crash.
He swallowed his pride.
He swam across the river.
He swims better than I do.
He swims in the river.
He takes a bath every morning.
He takes a walk every morning.
He takes after his father.
He takes everything lightly.
He takes his time when he works.
He takes very good care of his guests.
He takes vitamins.
He talked about ending the war in Korea.
He talked about music.
He talked to a high official of the Treasury Department.
He talked to himself.
He talked to the chairman.
He talked to the chairperson.
He talks a lot about his father.
He talks a lot.
He talks as if he knew everything.
He talks as if he knew the secret.
He talks as if he were a teacher.
He talks as if he were an old man.
He talks as if he were rich.
He talks as though he knew everything.
He talks fast.
He talks too fast.
He talks well.
He taught a group of Indian boys.
He taught himself French.
He taught his children Russian.
He taught me how to spell the word.
He taught me how to swim.
He taught me how to write.
He teaches Arabic.
He teaches English to his friends.
He teaches English.
He teaches mathematics as well as English.
He teaches us English.
He teaches us history.
He telephoned her when he arrived at the station.
He telephoned me again and again.
He tells dirty jokes even to children.
He tells dirty jokes to children.
He tends to be arrogant.
He tends to be late for meetings.
He tends to get angry when people oppose him.
He tends to take sides with the weaker party.
He tends to tell lies.
He thanked me for the gift.
He thanked the host for the very enjoyable party.
He thinks I'm in love with her.
He thinks I'm jealous.
He thinks he can prove it.
He thinks he knows best.
He thinks he knows everything.
He thinks he's a genius.
He thinks his job is pointless.
He thinks of nothing but himself.
He thinks of nothing but making money.
He thinks only about himself.
He thinks that his success is due to luck.
He thought I was my brother.
He thought about growing a beard, but gave up the idea of growing one.
He thought it would be wise to accept the offer.
He thought of a good solution.
He thought someone had put poison in his soup.
He thought that I was very tired.
He thought that it was like a bird cage.
He thought that it would be interesting and fun.
He thought the matter over for three days.
He thought up an excuse.
He threatened to make it public.
He threw a ball over the fence.
He threw a rock into the pond.
He threw a stone at a dog.
He threw a stone at the big dog.
He threw a stone at the dog.
He threw a stone into the lake.
He threw a stone into the pond.
He threw away a bunch of old letters.
He threw everything out of the boat.
He threw in the towel.
He threw me the apple.
He threw the ball.
He threw the banana away.
He thrust me aside.
He tidied up his room.
He tied the dog to a tree.
He tied the twigs into bundles.
He told a friend that he felt very tired and weak.
He told a funny story.
He told a very funny joke.
He told everybody at school.
He told everyone.
He told her about his plan.
He told her something and she smiled.
He told her that he loved her.
He told him right to his face.
He told his brother the story.
He told his son an interesting story.
He told his wife not to buy on impulse.
He told me a long story.
He told me a sad story.
He told me about it in private.
He told me about it.
He told me about the change in the plan.
He told me an interesting story.
He told me everything.
He told me he was a liar, but I don't believe him.
He told me he would go to Venice.
He told me his life's story.
He told me how to play chess.
He told me just the opposite!
He told me not to drive too fast.
He told me not to swim there.
He told me point-blank that I was fired.
He told me that I could use his car.
He told me that I must finish the work by six.
He told me that he had lost his watch.
He told me that he was busy.
He told me that he was hungry.
He told me that he would go to France in June.
He told me that he would see it once more.
He told me that he would visit Nara next month.
He told me that he would wait till I returned.
He told me that his father was a doctor.
He told me that his grandfather is over ninety.
He told me that you were right.
He told me the story of his life.
He told me the truth.
He told me to do it, so I did it.
He told me to meet him at 1 o'clock at the airport.
He told me to meet him at his apartment.
He told me to meet him at his house.
He told me to meet him at the restaurant.
He told me to meet him there.
He told me to speak more slowly.
He told the truth, otherwise he would have been punished.
He told the truth.
He told them to stay on the north side of the river.
He told us a lie.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
He told us an interesting story.
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed.
He told us to keep quiet.
He took a big risk.
He took a coin out of his pocket.
He took a day off.
He took a deep breath.
He took a hot bath and turned on the TV.
He took a key from his coat pocket.
He took a look at the newspaper before going to bed.
He took a mirror and carefully examined his tongue.
He took a photograph of the family.
He took a picture of the koala.
He took a shortcut through the forest.
He took a step forward.
He took a taxi both ways.
He took a taxi in order not to miss the train.
He took a walk before breakfast.
He took a week off.
He took advantage of me.
He took advantage of my ignorance and deceived me.
He took advantage of the opportunity to visit the museum.
He took advantage of the opportunity.
He took away what little money I had.
He took back everything he said.
He took back what he had said about her.
He took charge of the arrangements for the party.
He took charge of the expenses.
He took credit for my idea.
He took her by the hand.
He took her out for a drive.
He took his book.
He took his coat off and set to work.
He took his time doing his homework.
He took his time.
He took his wallet out of his pocket.
He took many pictures in London.
He took me for my twin brother.
He took me to school by car.
He took me to the park yesterday.
He took my umbrella without so much as asking.
He took no notice of me.
He took no photos of the festival.
He took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
He took off his clothes.
He took off his coat and put it on again.
He took off his glasses after that.
He took off his glasses.
He took off his hat and made a polite bow.
He took off his hat.
He took off his overcoat.
He took out a dollar from his wallet.
He took out a piece of paper.
He took out accident insurance.
He took out his passport.
He took over the business after her death.
He took over the business from his father.
He took part in the Olympic Games.
He took part in the anti-war demonstration.
He took part in the expedition.
He took poison by mistake.
He took something out of his pocket.
He took the job without giving it much thought.
He took the public by surprise.
He took the trouble to assist the poor man.
He took the trouble to see me off at the station.
He took the trouble to send me the book.
He took the trouble to show me the way to the station.
He took the wrong bus by mistake.
He took the wrong train by mistake.
He took to drinking after his wife left him.
He took up residence in Jamaica.
He tore the book apart.
He tore the photographs into pieces.
He tossed and turned all night.
He touched her on the shoulder.
He touched my hand.
He touched my shoulder.
He trained very hard.
He trampled on her feelings.
He transferred his whole estate to his son.
He translated Homer from the Greek into English.
He translated a Japanese novel into French.
He translated the book from French into English.
He translated the verse into English.
He traveled all over Europe.
He traveled on business.
He traveled to Hawaii with the family.
He treated it with utmost care.
He treated me badly.
He treats his employees well.
He treats me as an adult.
He treats me as if I am a stranger.
He treats me as if I were a stranger.
He treats me like a child.
He tricked her into agreeing to his proposal.
He tricked me.
He tried again and again, but didn't succeed.
He tried harder to get good marks than I did.
He tried in vain to convince them of his innocence.
He tried in vain to lift up the stone.
He tried in vain to open the locked door.
He tried it over and over again.
He tried it with a friend.
He tried many different methods.
He tried opening the door.
He tried speaking French to us.
He tried to absorb as much of the local culture as possible.
He tried to adapt himself to his new surroundings.
He tried to approach her using every possible means.
He tried to attract her attention.
He tried to blame me for everything.
He tried to choke him.
He tried to comfort her, but she kept crying.
He tried to commit a suicide.
He tried to concentrate on the letter.
He tried to get her on the phone without success.
He tried to get up early.
He tried to give up smoking several times, but failed.
He tried to keep back his tears.
He tried to kill himself.
He tried to make both ends meet.
He tried to make his wife happy, but he couldn't.
He tried to make his wife happy, but in vain.
He tried to make up for lost time.
He tried to open the window.
He tried to pull a fast one on me.
He tried to put the fragments of a broken vase together.
He tried to restrain his anger.
He tried to sleep on the floor.
He tried to solve the problem, but had no luck.
He tried to soothe the angry man.
He tried to speak French to us.
He tried to stand up.
He tried to unify the various groups.
He tried to write down everything the teacher said.
He tried with all his might to stretch the bow and shoot the arrow as far as possible.
He tried writing a short story.
He tries hard.
He tries.
He trusted you.
He tucked the handkerchief in his pocket.
He turned Christian.
He turned a blind eye.
He turned a somersault.
He turned around and looked back.
He turned around when I called.
He turned around.
He turned his attention to the picture.
He turned his back on the old tradition.
He turned off the TV and began to study.
He turned off the light.
He turned on the faucet and a jet of water came out.
He turned on the radio.
He turned out to be her father.
He turned out to be nothing but a liar.
He turned over a new leaf in life.
He turned over the business to his son.
He turned pale the instant he saw her.
He turned the bottle upside down and shook it, but still the honey wouldn't come out.
He turned the corner.
He turned the key.
He turned the problem over in his mind for three days before he did anything about it.
He turned to the left at the corner.
He turned traitor.
He turned up an hour later.
He turned up half an hour late.
He turned up the volume on the television.
He turns up his nose at everything.
He twirled his mustache.
He twisted my arm.
He unbuttoned his shirt.
He understands French.
He undertook a great deal of work.
He unexpectedly met her in the market.
He unzipped his pants.
He urged us to obey the rule.
He used a big piece of paper to make the bag.
He used a fake I.D.
He used a headache as an excuse for leaving early.
He used every chance to practice English.
He used her bike without asking permission.
He used his umbrella as a weapon.
He used me as a guinea pig.
He used the dictionary.
He used to be a nice boy.
He used to be a quiet man.
He used to come here on Mondays.
He used to drink.
He used to eat out every day, but now he can't afford it.
He used to live here.
He used to love her.
He used to love that.
He used to meditate in the morning.
He used to read a lot.
He used to read at night.
He used to say so, but now he doesn't.
He used to walk to his office.
He used to work as a stuntman.
He uses a pencil with a fine point.
He uses foul language whenever he gets angry.
He uses honey instead of sugar.
He uses the same books as you use.
He uses the same dictionary as I do.
He usually comes in time.
He usually fed his dog cheap dog food.
He usually gets up at six.
He usually goes to school by bus.
He usually goes to work at 8 a.m.
He usually looks through the newspapers before breakfast.
He violated a law.
He visited France three times.
He visited Japan when he was president.
He visited Kyoto last year.
He visited a friend.
He visited his hometown for the first time in ten years.
He visited his uncle yesterday.
He visited many countries in Asia.
He visits us now and then.
He vowed to give up smoking.
He waited for him until 10.
He waited for me until I arrived.
He waited for several seconds and opened the door.
He waited his turn.
He waited until she came.
He walked across the street.
He walked along the river.
He walked along the street.
He walked away with a sad look on his face.
He walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train.
He walked down the street whistling cheerfully.
He walked his horse to the gate.
He walked quietly.
He walked rapidly.
He walked slowly so the child could follow.
He walked slowly so the children would be able to follow.
He walked so fast that she couldn't keep up with him.
He walked through the forest.
He walked to and fro in front of her house.
He walks fast.
He walks his dog every morning.
He walks in the park every morning.
He walks slowly.
He walks to school.
He wanted his ashes spread over the ocean after he died.
He wanted it to be a surprise.
He wanted the taxi driver to turn left.
He wanted to be a great military leader.
He wanted to be rich.
He wanted to be woken up early by his wife.
He wanted to become a farmer.
He wanted to buy a book.
He wanted to buy the book.
He wanted to come with us.
He wanted to flatter me.
He wanted to go to sea.
He wanted to meet me.
He wanted to meet you.
He wanted to succeed.
He wanted to teach English at school.
He wanted to test his limits.
He wants a glass of cold water.
He wants a new car.
He wants a watch just like yours.
He wants a watch like yours.
He wants affection.
He wants an iPad 4.
He wants an iPad mini.
He wants me to help him with a school project.
He wants me to help him.
He wants only the best.
He wants red glasses.
He wants the camera badly.
He wants to be a doctor in the future.
He wants to be a policeman in the future.
He wants to be a tennis player when he grows up.
He wants to be a tennis player.
He wants to be different.
He wants to be like me.
He wants to be more independent.
He wants to buy a pearl necklace for his wife.
He wants to come with us.
He wants to come.
He wants to get a new dictionary.
He wants to get rid of his books.
He wants to get rid of the ants.
He wants to go to America.
He wants to go to the United States.
He wants to go.
He wants to kiss her.
He wants to learn how to cook.
He wants to learn some English songs.
He wants to learn to swim.
He wants to live closer to nature.
He wants to make fun of me.
He wants to marry my daughter.
He wants to meet you.
He wants to participate in the contest.
He wants to pay off his debts.
He wants to pay off his loan.
He wants to play soccer this afternoon.
He wants to play tennis when he's older.
He wants to save the planet.
He wants to see if he's still got what it takes.
He wants to sell his old car to a man in Kobe.
He wants to talk to you.
He wants to work in a hospital.
He wants us to free the prisoners.
He wants vengeance.
He warmed himself at the stove.
He warned us not to enter the room.
He was English.
He was a Frenchman. I could tell by his accent.
He was a big, heavy man.
He was a brave soldier.
He was a famous poet and a competent diplomat.
He was a fresh face in American politics.
He was a good king.
He was a great musician.
He was a little old man with thick glasses.
He was a much better general than politician.
He was a pioneer in this field.
He was a poor musician.
He was a professor at Cambridge University.
He was a real drunkard.
He was a rugby player.
He was a tall man.
He was a tall, thin man.
He was a warm gentleman with a pleasant sense of humor.
He was a wonderful man.
He was able to get home before dark.
He was able to read the book.
He was able to solve the problem.
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.
He was about to speak.
He was absent because of illness.
He was absent because of the storm.
He was absent from school for a week.
He was absent from school yesterday because he was sick.
He was absent from school yesterday.
He was absent on the particular day.
He was absolved of all responsibility.
He was absorbed in deep thought.
He was absorbed in reading when I visited him.
He was absorbed in thought.
He was accompanied by his aunt.
He was accompanied by his girlfriend.
He was accompanied by his wife.
He was accused of evading tax.
He was accused of money-laundering.
He was accused of murder.
He was accused of murdering his wife and child.
He was accused of stealing dinosaur bones.
He was accused of stealing the jewels.
He was acquitted.
He was acting on orders.
He was admitted to the school.
He was advanced to the rank of general.
He was afraid of his wife.
He was afraid of making the first move.
He was afraid of the dark.
He was afraid that he might hurt her feelings.
He was after the first prize.
He was all alone in the house.
He was alone at the time.
He was alone there.
He was alone.
He was always on the people's side.
He was an extremely able man.
He was angry and confused.
He was angry with himself.
He was angry with his daughter.
He was angry with his son.
He was angry with his students.
He was arrested as an accessory to the robbery.
He was arrested for fencing stolen goods.
He was arrested for murder.
He was arrested on the charge of burglary.
He was as good a pianist as his mother.
He was ashamed of his tears.
He was asking about your health.
He was at home.
He was at the bottom of the class.
He was at the front for three months.
He was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
He was attacked by a shark.
He was attracted to the woman.
He was awarded a special prize.
He was aware of the danger.
He was awoken by the noise.
He was badly wounded.
He was banished from the kingdom.
He was banished to an island for high treason.
He was beaten black and blue.
He was beaten into submission.
He was better than I expected.
He was blind from birth.
He was blinded in an accident.
He was blue from the cold.
He was bored with his family.
He was born in 1960.
He was born in Africa.
He was born in Athens in 1956.
He was born in England, but was educated in America.
He was born in Nagasaki.
He was born in Ohio.
He was born in Osaka.
He was born in Switzerland.
He was born in a small town in Italy.
He was born in the 19th century.
He was born on July 28th, 1888.
He was born poor, but died a millionaire.
He was born rich.
He was born to be a painter.
He was brave enough to go there alone.
He was brought to tears.
He was brought up by her grandmother.
He was brought up by his uncle.
He was buried alive.
He was buried in this graveyard.
He was burning with fever.
He was bursting with energy.
He was busy copying his friend's notebook.
He was busy when I called him up.
He was busy with his homework.
He was busy yesterday afternoon.
He was busy, but he took the time to show me around the city.
He was busy.
He was careful not to disrupt the meeting.
He was caught by an undercover police officer.
He was challenged to a drinking contest.
He was charged with conspiracy.
He was cheered by the good news.
He was cleaning his room.
He was compelled to sign the contract.
He was completely sloshed.
He was condemned to death.
He was conspicuous in his suit.
He was constantly bullied at school.
He was covered all over with white paint.
He was covered with sweat.
He was criticized for raising taxes.
He was crying.
He was cured of his bad habits.
He was dazzled by her beauty.
He was dead wrong.
He was deaf to my pleas.
He was delicate as a child.
He was deserted by his friends.
He was determined to go abroad.
He was disappointed at not being invited.
He was disappointed.
He was disciplined for his wrongdoing.
He was disqualified from taking part in the contest.
He was distracted by the beautiful girl.
He was dragged along by the current.
He was driven by revenge.
He was driving a car along the street.
He was drunk and forgot to shut the back door.
He was drunk on beer.
He was dumped by his girlfriend.
He was eager for news.
He was eager to return to school in September.
He was easily deceived and gave her some money.
He was easily influenced.
He was educated at a public school.
He was educated by his grandfather.
He was eighty-two years old and feeling his age.
He was elected captain of the team.
He was elected chairman.
He was elected governor of Texas in 1994.
He was elected mayor again.
He was elected mayor of the city.
He was elected mayor.
He was elected president.
He was elected to the Senate in the last election.
He was envious of his friend's promotion.
He was eventually sentenced to five years in prison for that violent crime.
He was every inch a king.
He was excommunicated.
He was exhausted when he got home.
He was exiled from his own country.
He was expected to make a decision.
He was experienced in business.
He was familiar with the roads of Tokyo.
He was fast asleep.
He was feeling for the light switch in the dark.
He was fired for stealing.
He was first elected to Congress in 1948.
He was first elected to the Senate in 1984.
He was foolish enough to believe her.
He was foolish enough to believe it.
He was foolish enough to believe what she said.
He was foolish to agree to the plan.
He was forced to go back because of the bad weather.
He was forced to resign as prime minister.
He was forced to return to Washington.
He was forced to work overtime.
He was fortunate to find the book he had lost.
He was fortunate to pass the exam.
He was found guilty of attempted murder for attacking his mother with a knife.
He was found guilty of murder.
He was framed on a murder charge.
He was frozen to death.
He was fully clothed.
He was getting old.
He was given a gold watch as a reward.
He was given an important mission.
He was given the finest education that money could buy.
He was given up for dead.
He was giving a speech.
He was granted admission to the university.
He was great.
He was hanged for murder.
He was happily married.
He was happy being a Jew.
He was hard to please.
He was having lunch when I entered the room.
He was heartbroken.
He was hit by a falling rock and died instantly.
He was holding a pen in his hand.
He was home alone at the time.
He was hurt in a car accident.
He was hurt in the accident.
He was ignorant of the fact that the town had been destroyed.
He was ill, but today he's all right.
He was ill, so he couldn't come.
He was impolite, not to say rude.
He was impressed.
He was imprisoned.
He was in America at that time.
He was in France.
He was in critical condition.
He was in good health last summer.
He was in good spirits.
He was in his shirt sleeves.
He was in the army for thirty years.
He was in the habit of getting up early.
He was in the habit of taking a walk after supper.
He was in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
He was in the hospital for a week.
He was in the process of making a final decision.
He was in the queue.
He was in the right place at the right time.
He was in the shower.
He was injured in a traffic accident.
He was injured in the accident.
He was interested in me.
He was invited to be the chairman of the club.
He was involved in a murder case.
He was irritated by her delay.
He was jealous of my success.
He was jealous of their happiness.
He was just behind me.
He was just thirty-six years old.
He was kept waiting for a long time.
He was killed by a blunt weapon.
He was killed by a land mine.
He was killed by a single bullet.
He was killed by his own brother.
He was killed in a car accident.
He was killed in a railroad accident.
He was killed in an airplane accident.
He was killed instantly.
He was killed with a sword.
He was kind enough to help me.
He was kind enough to show me the way to the library.
He was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
He was kind enough to take me to the bus stop.
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
He was kind enough to take us over to the island in his boat.
He was kind enough to tell me the truth.
He was kind enough to tie my shoelaces.
He was knocked over by the car.
He was known to everybody in the village.
He was lame after the fall.
He was late because of the snow.
He was late for school yesterday.
He was late to his own wedding.
He was laughed at by his friends.
He was leaning against the rail.
He was leaning against the wall.
He was like a father to me.
He was listening to music in his room.
He was living in England when the war broke out.
He was living in London when the war broke out.
He was living with the Indians.
He was looking around as if he was expecting someone.
He was looking for a good job.
He was looking forward to spending the weekend with her in their little cottage in Somerset.
He was loved by everybody.
He was loved by everyone that knew him.
He was lucky.
He was lying on his back on the beach.
He was lying on the bed.
He was lying on the couch.
He was lying on the grass.
He was made captain of the team.
He was made fun of by his classmates.
He was made to sign the contract against his will.
He was made to wait at the station for two hours.
He was making his way through the crowd.
He was married to her sister.
He was mistaken for his younger brother.
He was more surprised than I had expected.
He was more than a king.
He was moved to tears when he heard the news.
He was my best friend in high school.
He was my only friend.
He was naive.
He was nearly drowned.
He was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street.
He was nearly run over at an intersection.
He was negligent of his duties.
He was never to see her again.
He was never to see his parents again.
He was never to see his wife and family again.
He was no longer dependent on his parents.
He was not a good politician.
He was not a good speaker.
He was not a man to be disheartened by a single failure.
He was not at all satisfied with the result.
He was not at all satisfied.
He was not aware of the danger.
He was not conscious of his own mistake.
He was not disappointed.
He was not feeling well.
He was not happy at all.
He was not impressed.
He was not pleased.
He was not quick enough.
He was not sure what to do.
He was obviously drunk.
He was obviously in pain.
He was on the roof with his electric guitar.
He was one of the leaders of the revolution.
He was operated on yesterday.
He was out of breath when he got here.
He was overwhelmed by the intensity of her love.
He was paid 10,000 dollars.
He was painfully thin.
He was paralyzed by fear.
He was paralyzed with terror.
He was passing by on his bicycle when he heard a cry for help.
He was perfect.
He was persuaded to change his mind.
He was petting the dog.
He was playing tennis all day.
He was playing the piano and she was singing.
He was playing the piano.
He was playing with a lighter.
He was pleasantly surprised.
He was pleased with the toy.
He was poor and could not buy it.
He was poor and couldn't buy a coat.
He was poor, so he couldn't go to college.
He was present at the meeting.
He was pressed for time, so he only skimmed through the morning paper before rushing out the door.
He was promoted three times in one year.
He was promoted to colonel two years ago.
He was promoted to the position of head teacher.
He was promoted to the position of school principal.
He was punished all the same.
He was punished for drunken driving.
He was punished for his crimes.
He was punished for lying.
He was put in jail for writing the book.
He was put up for adoption.
He was quickly recaptured.
He was raised by his grandparents.
He was raised in an artistic family.
He was raised in the United States, but his native language is Japanese.
He was reading a newspaper.
He was ready to face his fate.
He was really impressed.
He was reluctant to go there.
He was resting under a tree when an apple fell on his head.
He was robbed of all his money.
He was robbed of his youth.
He was robbed when coming home late at night.
He was run over and killed.
He was run over by a car.
He was running for re-election.
He was satisfied with his new car.
He was satisfied with the result.
He was saved by a hair.
He was scared to admit that he didn't know.
He was scared you would shoot him.
He was scolded by his mother.
He was seen crossing the road.
He was seized with fear.
He was sent abroad as a correspondent.
He was sent to save the princess.
He was sentenced to community service.
He was sentenced to death by firing squad.
He was sentenced to death.
He was sentenced to three years in jail.
He was seriously injured in a traffic accident.
He was seriously injured in the car accident.
He was severe with his children.
He was sharpening a knife.
He was shivering from the cold.
He was shot to death.
He was shy at first.
He was shy at the beginning.
He was sick last week.
He was sick, but he went to school.
He was sick, so he couldn't come.
He was sick, so he did not go out.
He was silent all the time.
He was silly enough to believe her.
He was sitting and reading a book.
He was sitting between Mary and Tom.
He was sitting in the library when I saw him.
He was sitting next to me.
He was sitting on a bench with his eyes closed.
He was sitting on a bench.
He was sitting there with a pipe in his mouth.
He was sitting up straight.
He was sitting with his arms folded.
He was sleeping under the tree.
He was small, but strong.
He was smiling as if nothing had happened to him.
He was snoring loudly while he slept.
He was snoring loudly.
He was so angry he couldn't speak.
He was so confused that his answer did not make any sense.
He was so frightened that he ran for his life.
He was so intent on money-making that he had no time to think of anything else.
He was so mad that he forgot to eat dinner.
He was so poor that he couldn't buy bread.
He was so sad that he almost went mad.
He was so tired that he could hardly stand.
He was so tired that he could hardly walk.
He was sound asleep.
He was speaking.
He was spotted stealing cookies.
He was spreading mulch in the flower beds.
He was standing at the door.
He was standing at the street corner.
He was standing at the top of the mountain.
He was standing behind the door.
He was standing by the gate with his hand in his pocket.
He was standing there with a vacant look.
He was standing.
He was staring at her.
He was still in his teens when he founded a company.
He was stoned.
He was strict with his children.
He was stunned and didn't know how to answer.
He was stunned by her beauty.
He was stunned.
He was stupid enough to believe her.
He was stupid enough to believe what she said.
He was subjected to severe criticism.
He was successful in several areas.
He was successful in the attempt.
He was suddenly attacked by a mysterious disease.
He was suddenly very happy.
He was suffering from a bad headache.
He was summoned to appear in court.
He was supposed to go to school.
He was surprised at the long-distance phone bill.
He was surprised at the news.
He was surprised by the sudden appearance of his friend.
He was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down.
He was surprised to learn this.
He was surrounded by a throng of reporters.
He was taken away by a policeman.
He was taken away by four police officers in the middle of the night.
He was tenacious.
He was the first man I interviewed for the job.
He was the first man that climbed Mount Everest.
He was the first man to cross the Pacific.
He was the last to leave.
He was the leader of the great expedition.
He was the leader of the movement.
He was the most famous writer of his day.
He was the one who suggested it.
He was the only man.
He was the only witness of the accident.
He was the sort of man you could get along with.
He was there on business.
He was thirsty.
He was thrown behind bars.
He was thrown in prison for robbery.
He was tied to the tree with a rope.
He was tired from his long walk.
He was tired, but he kept on working.
He was to have called her up, but he forgot.
He was told to abstain from drinking by the doctor.
He was too angry to speak.
He was too busy to notice it.
He was too drunk to drive home.
He was too old to swim.
He was too tired to go any further.
He was too tired to study.
He was too tired to walk any further.
He was too young to go to school.
He was too young to live alone.
He was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her.
He was unable to move.
He was unaware of the danger.
He was unaware of the situation.
He was unconscious for several days.
He was unconscious for three days.
He was unconscious of his guilt.
He was underwater for three minutes.
He was unimpressed.
He was unwilling to tell us his name.
He was very angry with me when I forgot the appointment.
He was very busy all day.
He was very excited.
He was very gifted and talented.
He was very glad when she offered to help him fix his roof.
He was very happy.
He was very insistent.
He was very kind to them.
He was very old.
He was very patient.
He was very pleased when he saw him.
He was very poor.
He was very tall and thin, with long arms and legs.
He was very tall, so I recognized him at once.
He was very thirsty and asked for some water.
He was visibly bothered.
He was visibly nervous.
He was visiting his foster mother.
He was voted prom king.
He was waiting for a long time.
He was walking slowly down the street.
He was watching television all day.
He was way behind on his rent. As a result, he was evicted from his apartment.
He was weak from the loss of blood.
He was wearing a dinner jacket.
He was wearing a threadbare suit.
He was wearing a tux.
He was wearing a tuxedo.
He was wearing black trousers and a beautiful white shirt.
He was wearing glasses.
He was wearing nothing but his underwear.
He was welcomed everywhere.
He was welcomed wherever he went.
He was whistling a tune.
He was wide awake.
He was wise enough to take her advice.
He was wounded by a bullet.
He was wounded in the fight.
He was wounded in the shoulder.
He was wounded in the war.
He was wrong in thinking that she'd come to see him.
He was wrong.
He was young and innocent.
He washed her dirty hands before the meal.
He washes his car at least once a week.
He washes the bike every week.
He wasn't able to stand up at once.
He wasn't even there.
He wasn't foolish enough to tell that story around her.
He wasn't happy in spite of all his wealth.
He wasn't only fined, he also had to pay for damages.
He wasn't ready for it.
He wasn't so stupid that he talked about that in her presence.
He wasn't stupid enough to talk about that while she was around.
He wasn't there last week.
He watched a Swedish movie.
He watched as the doctors bent over her.
He watched the boys swimming.
He watched the game with his arms folded.
He watches TV every day.
He waved at her.
He wears a bow tie every day.
He wears an eyepatch.
He wears designer glasses.
He wears expensive clothes and owns a lot of jewelry.
He wears glasses.
He wears his hair long.
He wears pajamas.
He wears thick glasses.
He weighed the stone in his hand.
He weighs 70 kilos.
He weighs about 300 pounds.
He went aboard the plane.
He went abroad.
He went as far as to call you a hypocrite.
He went back to Japan.
He went back to get his hat.
He went ballistic.
He went blind from the accident.
He went blind.
He went by bicycle.
He went by me without noticing me.
He went deaf as a result of an accident.
He went fishing in a river near the village.
He went for the doctor.
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane.
He went home three hours later.
He went home yesterday.
He went into the bank.
He went on a one-day trip.
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened.
He went on singing.
He went on to demonstrate how to use the machine.
He went on walking in the rain without an umbrella.
He went out in spite of the storm.
He went out in the rain.
He went out of his way to assist me.
He went out of his way to find the house for me.
He went out of his way to help me.
He went out of the room.
He went out to eat.
He went out with a bundle of clothes in his hand.
He went out without saying goodbye to me.
He went shopping at a department store.
He went so far as to call her a fool.
He went so far as to call me a fool.
He went so far as to call me a liar.
He went so far as to hit her.
He went so far as to say that I was coward.
He went surfing.
He went there instead of his father.
He went there to learn English.
He went through a very hard time.
He went to America last week.
He went to America to study American literature.
He went to America to study medicine.
He went to America.
He went to Boston by car.
He went to England for the purpose of studying English literature.
He went to Italy ten years ago and has lived there ever since.
He went to London in 1970.
He went to London two years ago.
He went to London via Paris.
He went to New York as soon as he got the letter.
He went to New York on Monday.
He went to Paris at the end of May.
He went to Paris by car yesterday.
He went to a fruit store first.
He went to art school to study painting and sculpture.
He went to school only for a few years.
He went to sea when he was only 14.
He went to sleep at six o'clock and he is still sleeping.
He went to some place or other.
He went to stay with his cousin.
He went to the United States to study medicine.
He went to the airport to see her off.
He went to the back of the building.
He went to the bank and changed his money.
He went to the dentist.
He went to the hardware store to get a shovel.
He went to the hospital yesterday.
He went to the post office to mail the letter.
He went to the shop.
He went traveling in search of adventure.
He went up Mt. Fuji.
He went up the steps slowly.
He went up to her and they shook hands.
He wet the towel with water.
He wetted his towel with water.
He whispered something in her ear.
He whispered something to her.
He whispered something to me.
He whispered the answer in my ear.
He whispered to me that he was hungry.
He whistled for his dog.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
He who fights may lose, but he who doesn't has already lost.
He who hesitates is lost.
He who knows several languages gets more from the world.
He who laughs last laughs best.
He who laughs last, laughs best.
He who lives by the sword will die by the sword.
He who pays the piper calls the tune.
He who pays the piper, calls the tune.
He who reads often and walks often, sees much and knows much.
He who seeks wisdom is a wise man, he who thinks he's found it is a fool.
He who sleeps with dogs gets up with fleas.
He who thinks he has learned enough has learned nothing.
He will advise you on that matter.
He will always be with you.
He will arrive by eight at the latest.
He will arrive in Paris tomorrow.
He will arrive on June 24th.
He will arrive there about five o'clock.
He will arrive within an hour.
He will be a good husband.
He will be a good teacher.
He will be back in a couple of days.
He will be back in a few days.
He will be back in a second.
He will be back in an hour.
He will be back in ten minutes.
He will be back soon.
He will be back tomorrow.
He will be free tomorrow.
He will be here all evening.
He will be here any moment.
He will be here soon.
He will be in New York for two weeks.
He will be in time for the train.
He will be missed.
He will be my deputy while I am away.
He will be punished.
He will be ready.
He will be ruined for life.
He will be talking with his family at this time tomorrow.
He will be very busy next month.
He will become a good doctor.
He will come back at four.
He will come back sooner or later.
He will come back.
He will come home in a few days.
He will come if you call him.
He will come into a large fortune.
He will come soon.
He will come this afternoon.
He will come tomorrow.
He will come.
He will commit suicide if he can't see his son.
He will defeat them.
He will do anything to make money.
He will do his best to finish it on time.
He will do his best.
He will end up in prison.
He will explain it to you when he comes back.
He will follow my advice.
He will forever be in our hearts.
He will go in your place.
He will go to New York next month.
He will go to Tokyo tomorrow, won't he?
He will have no choice but to accept.
He will have to undergo an operation next week.
He will leave Tokyo and come to Kansai in June.
He will live forever in our hearts.
He will look after the cats for me while I'm abroad.
He will make a good team captain.
He will make her a good husband.
He will make my sister a good husband.
He will make you eat dirt.
He will never forgive my debt.
He will never give in even when he is wrong.
He will never live up to his parent's expectations.
He will never make it.
He will not approve.
He will not go.
He will not stay for more than four days.
He will notice sooner or later.
He will object to your going abroad.
He will pass the next examination.
He will pass the upcoming examination.
He will pay 20 dollars at most.
He will pay for everything.
He will play tennis with his friends.
He will provide you with what you need.
He will regret this.
He will return within 3 hours.
He will soon be a father.
He will soon become a father.
He will take over the business when his father retires.
He will tell me everything sooner or later.
He will travel abroad next year.
He will wait.
He will win the first prize.
He will write an answer very soon.
He will write for hours at a time.
He winked at her.
He wiped his hands on a handkerchief.
He wiped his nose on his sleeve.
He wiped the sweat from his face.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead.
He wiped the sweat off his face.
He wished he had more time.
He wished she had more time for him.
He wishes to become a doctor.
He wishes to erase bad memories.
He witnessed the murder.
He woke up in the middle of the night.
He woke up naked and confused.
He won a bronze medal.
He won a gold medal.
He won a silver medal.
He won a sizeable amount of money.
He won many competitions.
He won the election by a large majority.
He won the first prize at the chess tournament.
He won the prize last week.
He won the race again.
He won the third prize.
He won't be able to escape from there without a miracle, will he?
He won't be away for long.
He won't be in time for the meeting.
He won't be missed.
He won't beat me.
He won't come to class tomorrow.
He won't go near the water because he's deathly afraid of jellyfish.
He won't leave me alone.
He won't let anybody sit in his armchair.
He won't like this.
He won't listen to me.
He won't live a long life.
He won't live much longer.
He won't make it.
He won't turn up tonight.
He wondered to himself why his wife had left him.
He wondered why she did that.
He wore a coat too large for him.
He wore a dark sweater.
He wore a light blue tie.
He wore a red sash across his chest.
He wore glasses.
He wore old shoes.
He wore red pants.
He worked all day yesterday.
He worked at night and slept in the daytime.
He worked far into the night.
He worked from morning till evening.
He worked hard in order to support his family.
He worked hard to earn a lot of money.
He worked hard to obtain his objective.
He worked hard.
He worked last night without taking a break.
He worked long into the night.
He worked so hard that he ruined his health.
He worked through the night.
He worked very hard.
He works Sundays.
He works all night and he sleeps all day.
He works all night.
He works as a busboy.
He works as a ghost writer.
He works as a gondolier in Venice.
He works as a gym teacher.
He works as a translator.
He works at a bank.
He works at a tattoo parlor.
He works at night.
He works at the welfare office.
He works eight hours a day.
He works every day but Sunday.
He works every day except Sunday.
He works for a bank.
He works for an American company.
He works from Monday to Friday.
He works hard and never complains.
He works hard to earn his living.
He works in a bank.
He works in a call center.
He works in that lab.
He works in the automobile industry.
He works in the lab.
He works in the laboratory.
He works in the planning section.
He works like a maniac.
He works long hours.
He works on the farm from morning till night.
He works very hard.
He would be glad to hear that.
He would be the last man to break his word.
He would give an arm and a leg for that.
He would give you the shirt off his back.
He would have succeeded.
He would like to come with us to the movie.
He would like to know whether you play chess.
He would not admit his fault.
He would not approve.
He would not take the money.
He would often come to see me.
He would often go fishing on Sunday.
He would often say such a thing.
He would rather go by train than by plane.
He would sit and look at the sea for hours.
He would sooner die than get up early every morning.
He wouldn't allow me to drive his car.
He wouldn't believe us.
He wouldn't dare show his face around here again.
He wouldn't even lift a finger.
He wouldn't even look at me.
He wouldn't give in.
He wouldn't harm a fly.
He wouldn't hurt a fly.
He wouldn't listen to my advice.
He wouldn't permit me to swim in the river.
He wrapped his arms around me.
He wrenched the letter from my hand.
He wrestled his attacker to the ground.
He writes Arabic.
He writes books.
He writes scripts for TV shows.
He writes to his mother every now and then.
He writes to his parents once a month.
He writes to me once a week.
He wrote a book about China.
He wrote a book about his adventures in the jungle.
He wrote a book on China.
He wrote a book on porcelain.
He wrote a book while in China.
He wrote a letter yesterday.
He wrote a letter.
He wrote a lot of stories.
He wrote it hurriedly.
He wrote me a long letter.
He wrote me a love letter.
He wrote me from Japan.
He wrote on the social evolution of Japan.
He wrote one letter.
He wrote the report.
He wrote this book at the age of twenty.
He wrote three books in three years.
He wrote to his parents.
He wrote to me yesterday.
He wrung out the dish towel and hung it up to dry.
He yearned for her to come home.
He zipped up his jacket.
He'd been in Kyoto twice.
He'd love to live in the city.
He'd never let me drive his car.
He'd prefer to go on Friday.
He'll always come through.
He'll answer your letter soon.
He'll arrive within an hour.
He'll be a good husband.
He'll be along in ten minutes.
He'll be back home soon.
He'll be back in a few minutes.
He'll be back soon.
He'll be glad to see you.
He'll be granted American citizenship.
He'll be here again.
He'll be here any second.
He'll be here soon.
He'll be in London about this time tomorrow.
He'll be married next Sunday.
He'll be safe with me.
He'll be taking an exam next week.
He'll be there, rain or shine.
He'll become a father soon.
He'll catch up with us in an hour.
He'll clutch at any straw.
He'll come on foot or by bicycle.
He'll do his best to finish the job.
He'll do well.
He'll get over it.
He'll help you if you ask.
He'll know the secret sooner or later.
He'll leave for Tokyo tomorrow.
He'll make a good husband.
He'll make a good lawyer sooner or later.
He'll never achieve anything unless he works harder.
He'll never beat me.
He'll never forgive me.
He'll play golf even if it rains.
He'll probably win in the next election.
He'll regret it sooner or later.
He'll return at six.
He'll rip my head off.
He'll run out of luck sooner or later.
He'll soon catch up with Tom.
He'll understand.
He'll win for sure.
He's Austrian.
He's English.
He's Swiss.
He's a British citizen, but he lives in India.
He's a Chinese-American.
He's a DJ.
He's a Frenchman.
He's a bad liar.
He's a baseball player.
He's a big boy.
He's a big coward.
He's a bigot.
He's a bit drunk.
He's a bit jealous.
He's a bit of a loner.
He's a bit shy.
He's a butcher.
He's a carbon copy of his father.
He's a cardiologist.
He's a chain smoker.
He's a cheat and a liar.
He's a close friend of mine.
He's a cold-hearted jerk.
He's a comedian.
He's a community leader.
He's a construction worker.
He's a creationist.
He's a crybaby, just like always.
He's a devout Catholic.
He's a fanatic.
He's a fast learner.
He's a filthy liar.
He's a former student of mine.
He's a frat boy.
He's a freelance journalist.
He's a friend from work.
He's a friend of my brother's.
He's a gambler.
He's a gardener.
He's a ghostwriter.
He's a good boy.
He's a good guy now, so he'll make a good husband in the future.
He's a good liar.
He's a good man.
He's a good person.
He's a grouch.
He's a grown man.
He's a high school student.
He's a historian.
He's a hopeless case.
He's a jerk.
He's a jesuit.
He's a journalist.
He's a late bloomer.
He's a law-abiding citizen.
He's a lawyer.
He's a leading authority in his field.
He's a liar.
He's a lifeguard.
He's a little nuts.
He's a little pale.
He's a little rusty.
He's a little taller than you are.
He's a little tipsy.
He's a loose cannon.
He's a man now.
He's a man of his word.
He's a man of importance.
He's a man of very good character.
He's a man we can trust.
He's a man you can rely on.
He's a married man.
He's a member of the golf club.
He's a nervous wreck.
He's a nonsmoker.
He's a party animal.
He's a powerful sorcerer.
He's a professional photographer.
He's a professor at the National University.
He's a professor of biology at Harvard.
He's a rather rare individual.
He's a real Spaniard.
He's a real gentleman.
He's a samurai.
He's a scriptwriter.
He's a singing teacher.
He's a skilled linguist.
He's a slacker.
He's a smart boy.
He's a smart little feller.
He's a southpaw.
He's a strange character.
He's a strange person.
He's a student of Japanese literature.
He's a successful banker.
He's a successful businessman.
He's a talented writer.
He's a talented young director.
He's a teacher and so am I.
He's a teetotaller.
He's a tennis player.
He's a terrible driver.
He's a total wreck.
He's a typical workaholic.
He's a very affectionate father.
He's a very capable business man.
He's a very clever boy.
He's a very disagreeable man.
He's a very energetic person.
He's a very fine musician.
He's a very nice boy.
He's a very promising young man.
He's a very talented man.
He's a very zealous worker.
He's a volleyball player.
He's a weak-willed man.
He's a wealthy man.
He's a well-known television personality.
He's a world-famous writer.
He's a yes-man.
He's able to speak Japanese.
He's about the same age as you are.
He's about the same age as you.
He's about to leave.
He's accustomed to climbing mountains.
He's accustomed to mountain climbing.
He's accustomed to traveling.
He's acting on his own.
He's active and fit.
He's active doing charity work.
He's addicted to drugs.
He's addicted.
He's afraid I'll get lost.
He's afraid of cats.
He's afraid of dogs.
He's afraid of making mistakes.
He's afraid of the sea.
He's afraid that he might be late.
He's afraid to dance.
He's after me.
He's all excited.
He's all right.
He's allergic to cats.
He's almost always in the hospital.
He's almost as tall as me.
He's already a man.
He's already been in the toilet for quite a while.
He's already left.
He's already married.
He's already too far away to hear us.
He's always asking silly questions.
He's always at home on Mondays.
He's always at home on Sundays.
He's always been kind to me.
He's always been living in Tokyo.
He's always been very affectionate with his in-laws.
He's always breaking into our conversation.
He's always broke at the end of the month.
He's always clowning in class.
He's always complaining about something.
He's always complaining about the food.
He's always dissatisfied.
He's always gossiping.
He's always involved in scams.
He's always joking.
He's always late to meetings.
He's always making a mess of things.
He's always making such witty remarks!
He's always on time.
He's always reading comics.
He's always scowling.
He's always short of money.
He's an African American.
He's an Asian-American.
He's an Englishman.
He's an agent for a big insurance company.
He's an animal.
He's an author.
He's an early bird.
He's an ex-con.
He's an excellent brain surgeon.
He's an independent thinker.
He's an intelligent young man.
He's an oceanographer.
He's an old friend of mine.
He's an old timer.
He's an opera lover.
He's an outlaw.
He's an undergrad.
He's angry at the world.
He's annoying.
He's antisocial.
He's as strong as a horse.
He's ashamed of his body.
He's asking you to help him.
He's asleep.
He's at church right now.
He's at home right now.
He's attracted to Asian women.
He's autistic.
He's aware of his own faults.
He's away on business.
He's back from his travels in Central Asia.
He's been blacklisted.
He's been confined to bed for the past three months.
He's been doing this for over twenty years.
He's been passing off my ideas as his.
He's been sick in bed for four days.
He's been staying at that hotel for the past five days.
He's been teaching for 20 years.
He's been waiting here for a long time.
He's been waiting here for quite a while.
He's better at the piano than I am.
He's big and strong.
He's both tall and fat.
He's brave and honest.
He's buying an old hat.
He's cleaning his rifle.
He's coming closer.
He's coming.
He's completely crazy.
He's concealing something from me.
He's crazy about soccer.
He's crazy about you.
He's cruel and heartless.
He's cruel.
He's crying.
He's cunning and manipulative.
He's curious about everything.
He's currently in prison for tax fraud.
He's dancing with another girl.
He's dating my sister.
He's dead-tired.
He's deep in debt.
He's definitely not coming.
He's dieting.
He's doing a handstand.
He's doing his German homework.
He's doing his best.
He's doing it right.
He's done his homework.
He's done this before.
He's down to earth.
He's eating an apple.
He's eating breakfast in the cafe.
He's eight years old.
He's enjoying himself.
He's every bit as clever as his friend.
He's everybody's friend.
He's extremely happy.
He's fast.
He's feeling much better.
He's feeling really low.
He's financially dependent on his wife.
He's fluent in Japanese.
He's found a new love.
He's fresh out of college.
He's friendly.
He's from Georgia.
He's full of big ideas.
He's getting cold feet.
He's getting old.
He's getting suspicious.
He's giving it a go.
He's going bald.
He's going blind.
He's going to cross the river.
He's going to have a heart attack.
He's going to love this.
He's going to make it.
He's going to regret this.
He's gone senile.
He's good at arithmetic.
He's good at cards.
He's good at telling jokes.
He's good at what he does.
He's good.
He's got a crush on her.
He's got a headache.
He's got a thick beard.
He's got a white cat.
He's got enough money to buy a house.
He's got lung cancer.
He's got money to burn.
He's got the flu.
He's got what it takes to make it in the business world.
He's greedy and lazy.
He's had a fever for the past few days.
He's had a liberal upbringing.
He's handsome and charming.
He's head over heels in love with Mary.
He's head over heels in love.
He's helping me.
He's henpecked.
He's her friend.
He's here to protect you.
He's here to spy on us.
He's hiding in the closet.
He's homeward bound.
He's hopelessly in love.
He's hungry and thirsty.
He's impossible to satisfy.
He's in Tokyo.
He's in a bad mood.
He's in a good mood today.
He's in a state of shock.
He's in bed with flu.
He's in bed with the flu.
He's in big trouble.
He's in danger of being evicted.
He's in danger.
He's in debt to the bank because he bought that big house.
He's in fantastic shape.
He's in good physical condition.
He's in grave danger.
He's in hot water.
He's in my class.
He's in pain.
He's in the hospital.
He's in the joint.
He's in the kitchen.
He's in the well.
He's in trouble.
He's innocent.
He's intelligent and good-looking.
He's intelligent, but I still don't like him.
He's intelligent.
He's interested in many things.
He's interested in you.
He's intimidated by beautiful women.
He's jealous and irrational.
He's just a business associate.
He's just a liar.
He's just an amateur.
He's just arrived.
He's just evil.
He's just kidding you.
He's just like his grandfather.
He's just not the person I thought he was.
He's just showing off in front of the girls.
He's kind of cute, isn't he?
He's kind of shy.
He's lazy.
He's leaning on a cane.
He's learning French so he can get a better salary.
He's letting his fame go to his head.
He's like a brother to me.
He's living from hand to mouth.
He's loaded.
He's looking at dinosaurs.
He's looking at me.
He's looking at you.
He's looking for a job.
He's looking good.
He's losing his looks.
He's lying.
He's mad at everyone.
He's making a lot of money in the stock market.
He's married and has three children.
He's married to an American woman.
He's missed the boat.
He's my age.
He's my best friend.
He's my best friend. It's like we are brothers.
He's my biological father.
He's my brother.
He's my father.
He's my first love.
He's my half-brother.
He's my hero.
He's my most interesting friend.
He's my old drinking buddy.
He's my older brother.
He's my younger brother.
He's nervous and excited.
He's nervous and gets scared easily.
He's never been better.
He's never been in love before.
He's never satisfied.
He's new in town.
He's no doctor.
He's no saint.
He's not a bad guy.
He's not a doctor, but a nurse.
He's not a good person.
He's not a hero.
He's not a liar.
He's not a member.
He's not afraid of snakes at all.
He's not allowed to leave the country.
He's not an idiot.
He's not at all stupid.
He's not cut out for teaching.
He's not going to get away with it this time.
He's not going to make it.
He's not good at remembering names.
He's not home.
He's not in our group.
He's not in.
He's not lazy. On the contrary, I think he's a hard worker.
He's not married.
He's not much as a singer.
He's not my boyfriend.
He's not my boyfriend. He's my brother.
He's not my cousin.
He's not my father.
He's not my type.
He's not one of us.
He's not paying any attention to me.
He's not perfect.
He's not ready.
He's not sick.
He's not smart enough to add numbers in his head.
He's not smart enough to work it out in his head.
He's not stupid.
He's not supposed to be here.
He's not sure he's ready.
He's not the right man for me.
He's not the right man for you.
He's not very good at it.
He's not very strict about this.
He's not working much at the moment.
He's not worthy of you.
He's now aboard the ship.
He's now on the phone.
He's now studying.
He's obsessed with cleanliness.
He's obviously in pain.
He's offered to help.
He's often late for work.
He's often mistaken for a student.
He's old and crazy.
He's old enough to be her father.
He's old enough to be your father.
He's old enough to go to school.
He's old enough to stand on his own feet.
He's on a diet because he is a little overweight.
He's on his last legs.
He's on his way.
He's on sentry duty.
He's on the dance floor.
He's one of my in-laws.
He's only a couple of years older than me.
He's only a couple of years younger than me.
He's only a subordinate.
He's open and trusting.
He's open-minded.
He's opposed to racial discrimination.
He's our English teacher.
He's our only suspect.
He's out of the woods.
He's out of town on business.
He's over forty.
He's paraplegic.
He's pathetic and stupid.
He's perfect at everything.
He's photogenic.
He's picky about suits and ties.
He's playing Tetris.
He's preparing for a diplomatic career.
He's probably sleeping.
He's probably wrong.
He's proud of his good grades.
He's quite a nice fellow but I don't like him.
He's quite crazy about golfing.
He's quite formal when he meets a stranger.
He's racking his brains about how to deal with the matter.
He's racking his brains over how to deal with the matter.
He's raking it in on the stock market.
He's raking it in.
He's reading a novel now.
He's ready to go.
He's really good looking.
He's really into soccer.
He's really quick.
He's really selfish.
He's relaxing at home.
He's rich rather than poor.
He's rich, but he's not happy.
He's rich.
He's right behind me.
He's right behind you.
He's scared of dogs.
He's self-employed.
He's short and fat.
He's shorter than his brother.
He's shorter than his father.
He's sitting at the table.
He's sitting in the waiting room.
He's sketching an apple.
He's sleeping like a baby.
He's sleeping off last night's bender.
He's smart.
He's smarter than them.
He's smoking more than ever.
He's sound asleep.
He's stalling for time.
He's standing behind the wall.
He's standing in front of the door.
He's standing on his head.
He's stark naked.
He's staying with his uncle.
He's still alive.
He's still at work.
He's still sponging off his father.
He's still young.
He's strong.
He's stronger than me.
He's stronger than you.
He's studying Chinese.
He's studying hard so he can pass the entrance exam.
He's studying now.
He's studying.
He's stupid and irrational.
He's such a jerk.
He's such a sweetheart.
He's suffering from the effects of overwork.
He's supposed to be living in Nagano. What's he doing at Tokyo station?
He's swimming now.
He's taking a shower.
He's talking on the telephone.
He's tall and handsome.
He's tall and slim.
He's taller than me.
He's ten years older than you.
He's the best man in his field.
He's the black sheep of the family.
He's the boy we spoke about the other day.
He's the chairman of the committee.
He's the cutest boy in town.
He's the head of the marketing department.
He's the king's most trusted advisor.
He's the laziest person I know.
He's the love of my life.
He's the man of the house.
He's the man that was here last week.
He's the most likely to succeed.
He's the most popular boy in the class.
He's the most valuable player on our team.
He's the oldest son.
He's the one who told me about that.
He's the only one who survived.
He's the perfect man for you.
He's the president of the bank.
He's the projectionist at the theater.
He's the sole breadwinner for the family.
He's the tallest in the class.
He's the type of man who'd rather crochet potholders than seek adventure.
He's the type who doesn't worry about details.
He's thoroughly honest.
He's three years older than her.
He's three years older than she is.
He's too old for me.
He's too old.
He's too smart to do something that stupid.
He's too trusting.
He's too young to understand.
He's totally dependent on his parents.
He's tough on crime.
He's two years older than I am, but he's shorter than I am.
He's two years older than I am.
He's two years older than Mary is.
He's two years older than me, but he's shorter.
He's two years older than me.
He's two years younger than me.
He's unable to do that.
He's unconscious.
He's under treatment.
He's uninsured.
He's unlikely to want to get involved.
He's up there waiting for you.
He's up to no good.
He's used to climbing mountains.
He's used to mountain climbing.
He's very angry with you.
He's very angry.
He's very curious.
He's very flexible.
He's very fond of reading.
He's very fond of walking.
He's very good at playing baseball.
He's very ill.
He's very influential in the world of medicine.
He's very interested in Japanese.
He's very jealous of his wife.
He's very kind to me.
He's very likely to come.
He's very lonely.
He's very protective of her.
He's very protective of him.
He's very protective.
He's very shy. He says he wants to see you.
He's very skeptical.
He's very stingy.
He's very studious.
He's very talented.
He's very understanding.
He's very young. He's much younger than Tom.
He's waiting for you at home.
He's walking around in his underwear.
He's wanted by the police.
He's wasted.
He's watching me.
He's watching the Olympics.
He's wearing a hat.
He's wearing a new coat.
He's wearing a white cotton shirt.
He's wearing himself out working so much.
He's wearing sunglasses.
He's wide awake.
He's working on it.
He's worried about his receding hairline.
He's worried that he might be late.
He's worried we'll lose the way.
He's writing a long letter.
He's writing his diary.
He's young and energetic.
He's young and healthy.
He's young, but he's very intelligent.
He's young, naive and inexperienced.
He's younger than me.
He's your father.
He's your friend.
He, and he alone, must go.
He, like most Incas, believed this story.
Health is all I want.
Health is an important factor of happiness.
Health is better than wealth.
Health is more important than wealth.
Health is the most important thing.
Health is worth more than gold.
Health means everything to me.
Health means everything.
Hearing about people kidnapping little children just makes my blood boil.
Heat is a form of energy.
Heat turns ice into water.
Heaven knows why.
Heavy snow prevented the train from departing.
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and dumb.
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and mute.
