"A Happy New Year!" "I wish you the same!"
"A rolling stone gathers no moss" is a proverb.
"Ah" is an interjection.
"Are scientists close to cloning a human being?" "Not by a long shot."
"Are the drinks free?" "Only for ladies."
"Are these your books?" "No, they're not mine."
"Are you Swedish?" "No, I'm Swiss."
"Are you and Tom enemies?" "No. Why would we be?"
"Are you angry at me?" "You bet I am!"
"Are you going to Tom's party?" "I'm still not sure."
"Are you going to go to Tom's concert?" "I most certainly am."
"Are you happy now?" "Yes, I am."
"Are you happy?" "Yes, I suppose I am."
"Are you hungry?" "I'm always hungry."
"Are you hungry?" "No, not really."
"Are you sad?" "No. Why would I be?"
"Are you still mad at me?" "No, not at all."
"Are you students?" "Yes, we are."
"Are you upset?" "No. Why would I be?"
"Are your parents home?" "Only my dad."
"B" is the second letter of the alphabet.
"But don't you think that it's a little big?" asked the shopkeeper.
"Can I get you a beer?" "Do you have anything stronger?"
"Can I help you?" "No, thank you. I'm just looking around."
"Can I take photographs here?" "Only outside."
"Can I use your dictionary?" "Yes, here you are."
"Can you come over this afternoon?" "Yes, I suppose I could."
"Can you play the guitar?" "Yes, I can."
"Could you move over a little?" "Oh, sorry. I didn't realize I was taking up so much space."
"Did it hurt when you fell?" "You bet."
"Did she buy a watch?" "Yes, she did."
"Did you complete the report I asked you to write?" "No. There was no time."
"Did you sleep well?" "I slept like a log."
"Did you understand?" "More or less."
"Do you have a dog?" "No."
"Do you have a pen?" "Yes, I have one."
"Do you have any siblings?" "No, I'm an only child."
"Do you know where this camera was made?" "I think it was made in China, but I'm not sure."
"Do you like it?" "The food was better in prison."
"Do you like sports?" "Yes, I especially like baseball."
"Do you like to travel?" "Yes."
"Do you love me?" "I don't know."
"Do you speak German?" "No, I don't."
"Do you think he will come?" "I hope not."
"Do you think he'll come?" "I hope not."
"Do you think she'll come?" "I hope not."
"Do you want a drink?" "No, thanks. I'm driving."
"Do you want to buy it?" "Yes."
"Does she have a dog?" "No, she doesn't."
"Fast" is the opposite of "slow."
"Give me something to write with." "Will this do?" "Yes, it will do."
"Have you eaten?" "Yes, I have."
"Have you ever been to New York?" "Yes, I've been there a couple of times."
"Have you ever had genuine Hungarian goulash?" "No, but I'd really like to."
"Have you known Tom for a long time?" "No, I've only just met him."
"Have you seen Tom today?" "No, I haven't."
"Have you seen Tom?" "Not in the last few days."
"Have you seen my cell phone?" "It's on the table."
"He's been sick." "Oh really, I hope it's nothing serious."
"Here are some flowers for you." "Thanks. They're gorgeous."
"How about going for a walk?" "Why not? I'd be glad to."
"How about playing catch?" "Sure, why not?"
"How are you doing?" "I can't complain."
"How are you?" "I am fine, thank you."
"How are you?" "I can't complain."
"How did it go?" "Not well."
"How did you get in here?" "I climbed in through the window."
"How far is it from here to the station?" "It is about two miles."
"How long have you been living here?" "It'll be five years next week."
"How long will it take?" "About two weeks."
"How many children do you have?" "I only have one."
"How many girls do you have?" "I only have one."
"How many times a week do you play tennis?" "I play tennis three times a week."
"How much is he asking for?" "A thousand euros."
"How much is this handkerchief?" "It is ninety-five cents."
"How old are you?" "I'm 16 years old."
"How old are you?" "I'm sixteen."
"How old is she?" "She is twelve years old."
"How was the survival camp?" "I hated it. I only lasted two days."
"How's the world treating you, Tom?" "Pretty good."
"I agree with him." "So do I."
"I am a teacher." "So am I."
"I am happy," she said to herself.
"I asked you a question." "I didn't hear you."
"I can't bear to be doing nothing!" you often hear people say.
"I can't sleep." "Me neither."
"I don't like carrots." "Neither do I."
"I don't think Tom will do what we asked." "Yeah, me neither."
"I feel like playing cards." "So do I."
"I forgot," she answered.
"I have a very sweet husband," said Mary.
"I have to stop you from doing that." "Stop me from doing what?"
"I hear you quit your job." "Actually, I got fired."
"I plan to help Tom steal some cars." "That would be unwise."
"I sat down next to Tom." "I don't believe you."
"I saw her five days ago," he said.
"I saw the pictures." "What pictures?"
"I thought you liked him." "I do."
"I thought you said Tom lost his job." "Maybe I was wrong."
"I want that book," he said to himself.
"I was just talking to Tom." "About what?" "About what Mary did."
"I work on a farm," said Tom.
"I'd like to play cards." "So would I."
"I'll do it tomorrow." "You said that yesterday!"
"I'll sleep when I'm dead," said Tom.
"I'll wash the dishes." "OK, I'll dry then."
"I'm Japanese," the boy answered.
"I'm glad I studied karate." "I'm glad you did, too."
"I'm moving to Boston next week." "I miss you already."
"I'm not good at swimming." "Neither am I."
"I'm not in love with Tom anymore." "Are you sure?"
"I've got mono." "Did you kiss someone?"
"I've only had two boyfriends." "Oh, I have two boyfriends right now."
"If you're tired, why don't you go to sleep?" "Because if I go to sleep now I will wake up too early."
"In my opinion," said the younger brother, "you are wrong."
"Is he coming?" "No, I don't think so."
"Is his story true?" "I'm afraid not."
"Is it OK to eat this mushroom?" "It's OK to eat anything once."
"Is it the first time you've been here?" "Yes, it's my first visit."
"Is she reading a book?" "Yes, she is."
"Is she young?" "Yes, she is."
"It must be great to be tall." "Do you think so? It's not really that great. You keep bumping your head on the ceiling."
"It was boring," Tom added.
"It's beautiful here," he said, "but I'm so tired I can hardly keep my eyes open. I'm going to get some sleep."
"It's really hot today, isn't it?" "Yeah, it sure is."
"Jingle Bells," a popular song around Christmas time, is not really a Christmas song. The lyrics say nothing about Christmas.
"Jump across the ditch." "I will if you will."
"Just close your eyes," whispered Tom, and when Mary closed her eyes, he kissed her softly on the lips.
"Just go in and tell the boss you want a raise." "That's easier said than done."
"Leave me alone," she said angrily.
"Let me alone," she said angrily.
"Let me buy you lunch." "Sure. I'd like that."
"Let's buy Tom a car for his graduation present." "That's a great idea."
"Let's dance together." "I thought you'd never ask."
"Let's go dancing." "What a great idea!"
"Let's play tennis." "Yes let's."
"Look what I just bought." "What is it?"
"Look," she said.
"Lottery tickets are a waste of money." "Not if you win."
"Mary earns ten times as much as I do," complained Tom "and yet she expects me to pay half of the household expenses."
"May I borrow Tom's lawn mower?" "I guess it would be all right."
"May I use this pencil?" "Yes, you may."
"Natto" smells awful, but tastes delicious.
"Not everyone can come to our party." "Who's not coming?"
"Now and then I think of divorcing him." "You must be kidding!"
"Objection!" "Sustained!"
"One way or round trip?" "One way, please."
"Pass me the salt, please." "Here you are."
"Perhaps we'd better not tell Tom anything about today." "I agree."
"Please be on time." "I always am, aren't I?"
"Please give me some water." "All right."
"Please think about it carefully." "Think about what?"
"Says who?" "Says me."
"Shall I heat this up?" "No thank you, it's fine."
"Shall I take a message?" "No, thank you."
"She likes music." "So do I."
"Shut up," he whispered.
"Tatoeba" means "for example" in Japanese.
"Thank you for helping me." "Don't mention it."
"Thank you, I'd love to have another piece of cake," said the shy young man.
"Thank you." "You're welcome."
"Thanks for the help." "Don't mention it."
"Thanks for your help." "No problem."
"Thanks." "You're welcome."
"That's not the problem." "Then what's wrong?"
"The Gettysburg Address" is a concise speech.
"The phone is ringing." "I'll get it."
"The snow is beautiful, isn't it?" "Yeah, but Mary, you're even more beautiful."
"There must be something wrong with me." "Why do you say that?"
"Thirty dollars is a lot for that small room," he thought.
"This is enough, isn't it?" "Yeah, I guess so."
"This isn't Tom's watch." "I never said it was."
"This isn't mine." "It's not mine either."
"This looks pretty interesting," Hiroshi says.
"Tom and Mary are planning to get divorced." "I wasn't aware of that."
"Tom and Mary have been divorced for over three years." "Really? I had no idea."
"Tom and Mary have broken up." "That's ancient history."
"Tom and Mary have decided to help John paint his house." "That's nice to hear."
"Tom drank three cups of coffee after dinner." "No wonder he couldn't sleep."
"Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates and one long-stemmed rose for her birthday." "That's really sweet."
"Tom got a new job." "What kind of job?"
"Tom has been putting on some weight" "Yeah, I noticed that."
"Tom is a great guy." "I couldn't agree with you more."
"Tom is thirty years old." "He's not really that old, is he?"
"Tom is young." "How young is young?" "He's thirteen."
"Tom likes Mary." "I think that's obvious to everyone."
"Tom likes Mary." "Tell me something I don't know."
"Tom likes Mary." "Yeah, I know."
"Tom stole my wallet." "Are you sure about that?"
"Tom was able to convince Mary to help." "How did he do that?"
"Tom was killed in an automobile accident." "How horrible!"
"Tom will be here soon." "How soon?"
"Tom will probably be late." "Yes, that's a possibility."
"Tom will translate French into English for free." "That's good to know."
"Tom's crying." "I know."
"Tom's death was an accident." "Are you sure?"
"Tom, do you have school today?" "No, classes were canceled because of the typhoon."
"Tom, hurry up." "I'm coming!"
"Trust me," he said.
"Unfortunately the frankfurters split open when I was boiling them." "It doesn't matter, Tom. They still taste good."
"Was there a dead body in the room?" "No, there was no body there."
"We have a lot of things do to." "Such as?"
"We have to tell Tom about that now." "That's not an option."
"We'd like a beer." "Just one beer?"
"What are you thinking about?" "I'm thinking about you."
"What color is your underwear?" "I'm not wearing any."
"What day of the week is it?" "It's Wednesday."
"What did she say?" "I don't remember."
"What is your relationship to him?" "I'm his father."
"What kind of music do you want to hear?" "Put on something romantic."
"What time is it now?" "It's 3:30."
"What time is it now?" "It's ten o'clock."
"What time is it?" "It is ten-thirty."
"What time is it?" "It's 3:20."
"What was that?" "Nothing."
"What were you just doing?" "I was talking to Tom."
"What would you like to buy?" "I would like to buy a dog."
"What's Grandma doing?" "She's sleeping on the couch."
"What's Tom doing now?" "You don't want to know."
"What's that?" "How am I supposed to know?"
"What's the matter with you?" she demanded.
"What's wrong?" "I don't have a key."
"What's wrong?" "The speakers aren't working well."
"What's your decision?" "Can I sleep on it?"
"What's your name?" I asked.
"When did he die?" "Not very long ago."
"When did you find out about it?" "Find out about what?"
"When do you swim?" "I swim in July."
"When should we tell Tom this?" "Now is the best time."
"When will Tom get here?" "I really wish I knew."
"When will you be back?" "It all depends on the weather."
"Where are Tom and Mary?" "They're on their way."
"Where are my glasses?" "Where you left them."
"Where are my glasses?" "You left them on the kitchen table."
"Where are my glasses?" "You've left them on the kitchen table."
"Where are the books?" "They're on the desk."
"Where are you staying?" "At that hotel."
"Where are your books?" "They are on the desk."
"Where did you two meet?" "We met on a trip through the Carpathians, and we immediately fell in love with each other."
"Where do you live?" "I live in Tokyo."
"Where have you been?" "I've been to the barber's."
"Where have you been?" "I've been to the dentist."
"Where is Grandma?" "She's sleeping on the couch."
"Where is everybody?" "In the meeting room".
"Where is her book?" "It's on the table."
"Where is my book?" "It's in the classroom."
"Where is my car?" "It's in the garage."
"Where is my classroom?" "It's on the third floor."
"Where is my phone?" "It's on my desk."
"Where is my wife?" "She is in jail."
"Where is your book?" "On the desk."
"Where is your father?" "I don't have one."
"Where is your house?" "It is over there."
"Where's Tom?" "Beats me."
"Where's Tom?" "How would I know?"
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know. I can't find him."
"Where's his book?" "It's on the table."
"Where's my hat?" "Right behind you."
"Where's your cousin?" "He just left."
"Where's your cousin?" "She's just left."
"Which apple would you like?" "I'd like that one."
"Who helped you?" "Tom did."
"Who is in the car?" "Tom is."
"Who is it?" "It's me."
"Who is it?" "It's your mother."
"Who is the guy in the picture?" "I don't know who he is."
"Whose bags are these?" "They are my aunt's."
"Whose boots are these?" "They are Lidya's."
"Whose brushes are these?" "They are Picasso's."
"Whose cakes are these?" "They are Farida's."
"Whose camels are these?" "They are Musa's."
"Whose cards are these?" "They are Fahima's."
"Whose cats are these?" "They are Fatima's."
"Whose chair is this?" "It is mine."
"Whose cows are these?" "They are my grandmother's."
"Whose dogs are these?" "They are my neighbor's."
"Whose dresses are these?" "They are Nabila's."
"Whose earphones are these?" "They are Fatima's."
"Whose earrings are these?" "They are Tania's."
"Whose glasses are these?" "They are my father's."
"Whose goats are these?" "They are Yamina's."
"Whose keys are these?" "They are Mary's."
"Whose knives are these?" "They are the butcher's."
"Whose magazines are these?" "They are the doctor's."
"Whose notebooks are these?" "They are Karim's."
"Whose pens are these?" "They are Tom's."
"Whose rings are these?" "They are my mother's."
"Whose sheep are these?" "They are mine."
"Whose shoes are these?" "They are my brother's."
"Whose socks are these?" "They are my sister's."
"Whose sunglasses are these?" "They are Nabil's."
"Whose tools are these?" "They are my uncle's."
"Why are you going to Japan?" "To attend a conference in Tokyo."
"Why are you mad at me?" "I'm not mad at you!"
"Why are you wet?" "I fell in the water."
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want to."
"Why did you do that?" "I had no choice."
"Why did you do that?" "I wanted to see what would happen."
"Why didn't you come?" "I had no choice."
"Why didn't you kiss Mary?" "She wouldn't let me."
"Why didn't you tell me?" "You never asked."
"Why does Tom call me Mary?" "Isn't your name Mary?" "No, it's Maria."
"Why have you started learning to play the piano?" "Because I want to be a music teacher."
"Will he come home soon?" "I'm afraid not."
"Will he come?" "No, I don't think so."
"Will it rain?" "I hope not."
"Will it stop raining soon?" "I'm afraid not."
"Will you have another slice of pie?" "Yes, please."
"Won't you come with us?" "I'd be glad to."
"Would you get me a cup of coffee?" "Sure. I'd be glad to."
"Would you get me a cup of coffee?" "With pleasure, my dear."
"Would you like a drink?" "I've already got one."
"Would you like something to drink?" "A coffee, please."
"Would you like to go with me?" "You bet!"
"Would you like to have lunch with us?" "I'd love to, but only if it's no trouble."
"Would you mind opening the window?" "Of course not."
"You need to pay a fee." "What kind of fee?"
"You never told me that!" "Yes, I did!"
"You talk too much," he said.
"You were wrong." "Yes, but I was almost right."
"You'd better come in," the man said.
"You're a murderer!" "No, I'm not!"
"You're blushing!" "No, I'm not."
"You're pretty good at English, aren't you?" "I'd like to think so."
"You've got a crush on this girl." "No, I don't!"
100 years is called a century.
1980 was the year that I was born.
3 times 5 is 15.
5 is less than 8.
A "renovator's dream" in real estate parlance generally means that the place is a real dump.
A 5% consumption tax is levied on purchases of most goods and services.
A 6% yield is guaranteed on the investment.
A Chinese farmer was told not to shave before the visit of President Hu Jintao, so that he would look "more rustic" on TV.
A DNA test showed he was innocent.
A Japanese businessman bought the artwork for 200 million yen.
A Japanese would never do such a thing.
A Mexican taught him Spanish.
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.
A baby boy was born to them.
A baby deer can stand as soon as it is born.
A baby has delicate skin.
A baby is sleeping in the cradle.
A baby was flung out of its mother's arms when a plane hit severe turbulence while commencing its descent prior to landing.
A bad cold caused the singer to lose his voice.
A bad cold has kept me from studying this week.
A bad habit, once formed, is difficult to get rid of.
A bad workman always blames his tools.
A ball hit her right leg.
A ball hit me in the back of the head while I was playing soccer.
A ball hit the back of my head while I was playing soccer.
A ball is floating down the river.
A balloon was floating in the air.
A band led the parade through the city.
A baseball came flying through the window.
A baseball came rolling to my feet.
A bat is no more a bird than a rat is.
A bead of sweat started forming on his brow.
A beam of sunlight came through the clouds.
A bear can climb a tree.
A bear will not touch a dead body.
A beautiful object like that never loses its value.
A beautiful sunset, isn't it?
A beautiful woman like you shouldn't be eating alone.
A bee flew out of the window.
A bee is buzzing around.
A beer, please.
A bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain.
A big bridge was built over the river.
A big crowd gathered at the scene of the fire.
A big earthquake occurred in India yesterday.
A big earthquake occurred in Tokyo.
A big ship appeared on the horizon.
A big spider was spinning a web.
A big typhoon is approaching.
A bike path goes right past my house.
A billion adults are illiterate.
A bird can glide through the air without moving its wings.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
A bird is singing in the tree.
A bird was caught by a cat.
A bird was flying high up in the sky.
A blanket of silence fell over everyone when they heard the disappointing announcement.
A blast of cold air swept through the house.
A blind person's hearing is often very acute.
A blood vessel burst inside his brain.
A boat capsized.
A boat suddenly appeared out of the mist.
A book came for you in the mail today.
A book can be compared to a friend.
A book is always an acceptable gift.
A book not worth reading is not worth buying in the first place.
A book worth reading is worth reading twice.
A bow is no use without arrows.
A bowl of rice is about 180 grams.
A boxer and an actor are coming toward us.
A boy and a girl are sitting on the fence.
A boy came running toward me.
A boy came running towards me.
A boy is walking across the street.
A boy like Tom doesn't deserve a girl like Mary.
A boy needs a father he can look up to.
A boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father.
A boy your age ought to behave well.
A bridge gives access to the island.
A bright red ladybug landed on my fingertip.
A budget deficit must be financed somehow.
A bunch of people died in the explosion.
A burglar broke into my house while I was away on a trip.
A burnt child dreads fire.
A burnt child dreads the fire.
A burnt child fears the fire.
A bus transported us from the airport to the city.
A butcher deals in meat.
A butterfly is a mature caterpillar.
A butterfly's wing contains many details.
A button came off my coat.
A button has come off the coat.
A button's fallen off the jacket.
A cab is waiting.
A caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket.
A calculator is more efficient than an abacus.
A camel is to the desert what a ship is to the sea.
A camel is, so to speak, a ship on the desert.
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.
A captain controls his ship and its crew.
A captain is above a sergeant.
A captain is in charge of his ship and its crew.
A car drove past.
A car hit Tom.
A car is faster than a bicycle.
A car lying on its side blocked the passage.
A car passed by in the dark.
A car went by.
A cat appeared from behind the curtain.
A cat appeared from under the desk.
A cat can see in the dark.
A cat got out from under the car.
A cat has been on the table.
A cat has nine lives.
A cat has seven lives.
A cat is lying in the sun.
A cat jumped onto the chair and lay motionless.
A cat scratched me.
A cat was on the table.
A catastrophe has been averted.
A century is one hundred years.
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
A chance like this only comes along once in a blue moon.
A change of air will do you a lot of good.
A chauffeur sat in front.
A child could not have understood the situation.
A child is missing.
A child needs a mother.
A child needs love.
A child whose parents are dead is called an orphan.
A childhood illness left her blind.
A civil war began in Bosnia-Herzegovina in 1992.
A clean river flows through our town, and we can see many carp swimming in it.
A clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory.
A cloud floated across the sky.
A coke, please.
A cold bath refreshed him.
A cold beer would hit the spot!
A cold spell gripped Europe.
A cold wave hit this district.
A cold wind blew in.
A cold wind was blowing.
A committee has been set up to investigate the problem.
A committee of congressmen has arrived.
A company that stifles innovation can't hope to grow very much.
A comparable car would cost far more in Japan.
A computer is a complex machine.
A computer is an absolute necessity now.
A conflict of opinions arose over the matter.
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.
A considerable number of students want to go to college.
A contract with that company is worth next to nothing.
A convict has escaped from prison.
A cookie is under the table.
A cop was killed.
A cornered fox is more dangerous than a jackal.
A couch potato is something that I don't want to be.
A cow has a long tail.
A crane raises heavy construction materials.
A crazy thing just happened to me.
A critically wounded elephant went berserk and attacked every living thing in his path.
A crocodile has eaten Tom.
A crowd collected to watch the fight.
A crowd gathered at the scene.
A crowd of people gathered to see the parade.
A crowd soon gathered around him.
A crowd was gathering around him.
A crystal chandelier was hanging over the table.
A cup of coffee cost 200 yen in those days.
A cup of coffee, please.
A curfew was imposed on the city.
A curtain of mist blocked our view.
A dachshund is a dog from Germany with a very long body and short legs.
A dairy cow is a useful animal.
A dance will be held in the school auditorium this Friday evening from 7:30 to 10:00.
A dash of vinegar is all the salad needs.
A day has twenty-four hours.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
A day without you is like a summer without the sun.
A dead leaf fell to the ground.
A deal is a deal.
A decapitated body was on the coroner's table.
A definite advantage of automatic doors is that people can't spread their contagious diseases by touching door handles.
A devastating earthquake hit the state capital.
A devastating typhoon has struck the Philippines.
A doctor quickly cut off his left arm and stopped the heavy bleeding.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from his back.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from the president's head.
A dog bit her leg.
A dog bit her on the leg.
A dog bit me this morning.
A dog can run faster than a man can.
A dog can see in the dark.
A dog followed me to my house.
A dog has a sharp sense of smell.
A dog is a man's best friend.
A dog is barking.
A dog is following us.
A dog is sleeping on the porch.
A dog suddenly jumped at me.
A dog was run over by a truck.
A dog was running after a cat.
A dog was running.
A dollar is equal to a hundred cents.
A dolphin is a kind of mammal.
A dolphin is a mammal.
A dolphin is no more a fish than a dog is.
A driver was sleeping in the car.
A drowning man will catch at a straw.
A drunk driver was responsible for the car accident.
A drunk man fell down the stairs.
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.
A dry spell accounts for the poor crop.
A family should not spend all of its money to keep someone alive on a machine.
A fast walker can walk six kilometers in an hour.
A fat white cat sat on a wall and watched them with sleepy eyes.
A father and son represent two generations.
A father provides for his family.
A female friend of ours took a trip to a small village last week.
A few days later, he came.
A few days' rest will do you good.
A few minutes' walk brought me to the shore.
A few months later, Israel invaded Egypt.
A few old buildings need to be demolished.
A few people have two cars.
A few students were left behind.
A few years ago, on Mother's Day, I gave my stepmother a locket as a present.
A few years ago, there was a huge scandal at my school.
A few years later, the treaty was put to a test.
A fierce battle was fought by the soldiers.
A fierce dog attacked the girl.
A fight broke out between two schoolboys.
A fire broke out after the earthquake.
A fire broke out during that night.
A fire broke out during the night.
A fire broke out in the middle of the city.
A fire broke out in the mine.
A fire broke out in the neighborhood yesterday.
A fire broke out near my house.
A fire broke out nearby.
A fire broke out on the fifth floor.
A fire broke out on the first floor.
A fire broke out on the second floor of the building.
A fire broke out on the second floor.
A fire can spread faster than you can run.
A fish can swim.
A fish leaped out of the water.
A flu shot contains antibodies that fight the H1N1 virus.
A fly can walk on the ceiling.
A fly does not fly into a shut mouth.
A fool always believes that it is the others who are fools.
A fool always finds a greater fool to admire him.
A fool and his money are easily parted.
A foolish idea came into my mind.
A football team consists of eleven players.
A foreign language cannot be learned in only two weeks.
A forest fire broke out in this area.
A fork fell off the table.
A fork is missing.
A fortune-teller read my hand.
A fox came along.
A fox is a wild animal.
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.
A free port was established.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A friend is hard to find and easy to lose.
A friend of mine asked me to send her a postcard.
A friend of mine came to see me during the day.
A friend of mine is looking for someone who can speak French.
A friend of mine showed me all the dolls he had bought abroad.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
A friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.
A friendship is the most valuable thing in the world.
A frog in a well doesn't know the ocean.
A frown may express anger or displeasure.
A fuse has blown.
A gang of thieves broke into the bank.
A gang of three robbed the bank in broad daylight.
A gas stove provides the most even heat for cooking.
A general is a high-ranking military officer.
A genie appeared when Aladdin rubbed the magic lamp.
A gentle wind is blowing.
A gentle wind was blowing.
A gentleman is someone who knows how to play the banjo and doesn't.
A gentleman would never do something like that.
A gentleman would not say such a thing.
A gigantic bird came flying toward him.
A girl appeared before me.
A girl asked Tom to dance.
A girl is playing the flute.
A girl opened the door in answer to my knock.
A girl phoned me.
A girl stood there crying.
A glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather.
A good appetite is a good sauce.
A good biography is interesting and instructive.
A good book is the best of friends, the same today and forever.
A good citizen obeys the laws.
A good coach is like a father to his players.
A good deed never goes unpunished.
A good horse knows its rider.
A good idea came into my mind.
A good idea came to mind.
A good idea occurred to him.
A good idea suddenly struck me.
A good management would listen to reasonable demands.
A good many of the pictures on exhibition were sold on the opening day.
A good memory is his weapon.
A good poker player can tell when someone's bluffing.
A good purpose makes hard work a pleasure.
A good sailor only requires a short time to get his sea legs.
A good teacher must be patient with his pupils.
A government official answered the reporters' questions.
A grasshopper and many ants lived in a field.
A great deal has happened since that time.
A great deal has happened while you've been away.
A great future lies before her.
A great idea presented itself in my mind.
A great many houses were damaged in the earthquake.
A great revolution has taken place in technology.
A green banana is not ripe enough to eat.
A green carpet will not go with this blue curtain.
A green color is a characteristic of that type of apple.
A group of foreigners arrived in Edo, i.e. Tokyo.
A group of foreigners arrived in Edo, in other words Tokyo.
A group of foreigners arrived in Edo, that is to say Tokyo.
A group of gangsters stole the money.
A group of teenagers robbed me of my money.
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.
A gruff voice broke the silence.
A guard's been killed.
A gun might come in handy.
A gunshot was heard in the distance.
A guy named Tom came to see you.
A guy named Tom was looking for you this morning.
A haiku is one type of poem.
A hard wind is blowing.
A hare raced with a tortoise.
A healthy man does not know the value of health.
A heavy rain began to fall.
A heavy rain fell.
A heavy snow fell in Kyoto for the first time in ages.
A helicopter circled over us.
A helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down.
A hexagon has six sides.
A hideous monster used to live there.
A high school student made this robot.
A highly skilled shearer can shear a sheep in two to three minutes depending on the size and condition of the sheep.
A hint from you is enough.
A honeymoon in Canada costs a lot of money.
A horse can run very fast.
A horse is an animal.
A horse is very useful.
A horseshoe and a four-leaf clover bring good luck.
A host of friends came to see me off.
A hot bath made me feel much better.
A house is not a home.
A housewife should be economical.
A huge monster is coming down the mountain.
A human body consists of a countless number of cells.
A hundred people were hurt in a train wreck.
A hundred years is called a century.
A husband and wife promise always to love each other.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A kiss without a mustache is like a bowl of soup with no salt.
A kiss without a mustache is like an egg without salt.
A known mistake is better than an unknown truth.
A large amount of money was spent on the new bridge.
A large crowd had gathered on the street.
A large crowd of people gathered.
A large pillar obstructs the view of the lake.
A leaf is falling.
A library is the best resource for books.
A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
A lifetime is short, but feels long.
A light breakfast was served.
A limo has just pulled up outside.
A lion is an animal.
A lion is strong.
A lion's teeth are sharp.
A list of required hardware is available here.
A liter of milk contains about thirty grams of protein.
A little bird told me.
A little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
A little louder, please.
A little more effort, and you will succeed.
A little quieter, please.
A little rest would do us a lot of good.
A little stage fright is normal before a concert.
A lonely man is lonely because he is afraid of others.
A long time ago when I was young, I used to write in my diary every day.
A long time ago when Pluto was still a planet, there was a boy named Tom.
A long time ago, there was a bridge here.
A lot can happen in a year.
A lot can happen in three hours.
A lot has happened since that time.
A lot has happened since then.
A lot has happened while you've been gone.
A lot has happened.
A lot of English words are derived from Latin.
A lot of back problems can be attributed to poor sitting posture.
A lot of bicycles are illegally parked in front of the station.
A lot of birthday cards will arrive soon.
A lot of books are published every year.
A lot of boys are running in the park.
A lot of boys ran after the rabbit.
A lot of children don't hear the difference very well.
A lot of children gathered in the garden.
A lot of companies are going under lately because banks are so tight with their money.
A lot of companies have pared their staff down to a minimum.
A lot of fish perished.
A lot of foreigners visit Japan every year.
A lot of houses were on fire.
A lot of houses were washed away by the flood.
A lot of kids don't wear bicycle helmets.
A lot of kids wear that kind of hat.
A lot of my classmates think that I'm dumb.
A lot of people are coming out of the movie theater.
A lot of people are dealing with allergies now.
A lot of people are dealing with hay fever now.
A lot of people are going to tell you that you shouldn't have done that.
A lot of people are hypocritical.
A lot of people are interested in camping.
A lot of people are lazy.
A lot of people are now trying to sell their houses.
A lot of people are starving in the world.
A lot of people are waiting to see what is going to happen.
A lot of people don't vote.
A lot of people feel the same way you do.
A lot of people look up to you. Don't let them down.
A lot of people think that bats are birds.
A lot of people think that whales are fish.
A lot of people were killed in World War II.
A lot of people were killed in the war.
A lot of people were waiting for him.
A lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
A lot of people would like to become famous. However, a lot of famous people wish they weren't so famous.
A lot of policemen guarded the hall.
A lot of soldiers died here.
A lot of soldiers were killed here.
A lot of students around the world are studying English.
A lot of students do part-time jobs.
A lot of sugar cane is grown in Cuba.
A lot of things happened and my schedule was messed up.
A lot of time was wasted.
A lot of villagers were killed by soldiers.
A lot of wild animals died for lack of food.
A lot of young people went to Hawaii this summer.
A lot still remains to be done.
A lot's happened while you've been away.
A loud knocking at the door woke him up.
A lunar month is shorter than a calendar month.
A machine had to be installed in the factory.
A major had to take command of the division.
A majority of students dislike history.
A majority voted against the bill.
A male friend of mine called on me yesterday.
A man I didn't know was walking back and forth in front of my house.
A man appeared at the door.
A man as diligent as he is, is sure to succeed.
A man came to see him.
A man came up to Tom in the street and started talking to him, but Tom had no idea who he was.
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
A man can't always be a hero, but he can always be a man.
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
A man is as old as he feels and a woman as old as she looks.
A man is as old as he feels, and a woman as old as she looks.
A man is known by the company he keeps.
A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar.
A man is responsible for his deeds.
A man like me needs a hat.
A man must be honest.
A man must work.
A man of wealth has to pay a lot of income tax.
A man on horseback came along the path.
A man shouted something, waving his hand.
A man suddenly appeared in the doorway.
A man was fishing on the opposite bank.
A man was seen acting suspiciously shortly before the explosion.
A man who breaks his promises cannot be trusted.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car, but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
A man who speaks the truth needs a fast horse.
A man who wanted to see you came while you were out.
A man whose wife is dead is called a widower.
A man with a gun urged him into the car.
A man without patience is like a lamp without oil.
A man's body dies, but his soul is immortal.
A man's got to do what a man's got to do.
A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do.
A man's heart is about as large as his fist.
A man's life has its ups and downs.
A man's worth has nothing to do with his appearance.
A man's worth lies in what he is, not in what he has.
A map is available upon request.
A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine.
A merchant is a person who buys and sells goods.
A mere repetition of other people's research cannot be called true scientific research.
A meter is 100 centimeters.
A mile is about 1,600 meters.
A mile is equal to about 1600 meters.
A mine is where you find precious minerals.
A minor is dependent on his parents.
A minute has sixty seconds.
A mirage is said to be an illusion.
A mirage sometimes shows up in Toyama Bay.
A mirror reflects light.
A missed opportunity never comes again.
A mist hung over the river.
A model must have an attractive body.
A molecule is made up of atoms.
A moment's hesitation may cost a pilot his life.
A monkey is mature at a few years old.
A monster lay on a rock near the top of the mountain.
A monster was believed to live in the cave.
A morning appointment is better for me.
A mouse is running around the room.
A nap would be good.
A nephew is a son of one's brother or sister.
A nervous person will not be fit for this job.
A new branch will be opened in Chicago next month.
A new dress was bought for her.
A new hotel will be built here next year.
A new oil tanker was launched.
A new pope has been elected.
A new road is under construction.
A new student came into the class.
A new study shows that everything we thought we knew up to now, is wrong.
A new supermarket opened in our neighborhood.
A new teacher's going to take charge of this class.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
A new topic came up in conversation.
A new treatment for hepatitis is being studied.
A new year always brings hope.
A nice day, isn't it? Why not go out for a walk?
A nickel is a five-cent coin.
A nod is a sign of agreement.
A noise woke her up.
A note was attached to the document with a paper clip.
A notice about the next meeting was posted on the door.
A noun can be singular or plural.
A nuclear war will bring about the destruction of mankind.
A number of cars are parked in front of my house.
A number of people die in traffic accidents.
A number of tourists were injured in the accident.
A painter's eyes are his most important tools.
A pair of gloves was left in the taxi.
A pair of leather gloves is a must when you work with these machines.
A parasol is used during the summertime to shade the face.
A part of this land is mine.
A party of scientists were on board with them.
A party will be held next Saturday, that is to say, on August 25th.
A passing car splashed water on us.
A pencil is sticking out of your pocket.
A penguin is a bird that cannot fly.
A penny for your thoughts.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
A penny spent is often more useful than one saved.
A person cannot understand another person completely.
A person is known by the company he keeps.
A person is worth more than money.
A person like Tom has probably never kissed anyone other than his mother.
A person like Tom probably knows how to swim.
A person who chases two rabbits won't catch either.
A person who steals deserves punishment.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.
A person will have the face of an angel when borrowing something, but the face of the devil when returning it.
A person with a BMI of 25 to 29 is considered overweight.
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
A person's heart is approximately the same size as their fist.
A person's soul is immortal.
A pet theory of mine is that things should be seen from a distance.
A piano is expensive, but a car is even more expensive.
A piano is expensive, but a car is more expensive.
A piano is expensive.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
A piece of bread was not enough to satisfy his hunger.
A piece of paper fell on the ground.
A pilot guides the ship toward the port.
A pinched sciatic nerve can be excruciatingly painful.
A plane is flying above the city.
A plastic bag can take up to a thousand years to disintegrate.
A poet looks at the world as a man looks at a woman.
A policeman asked the girls if the car was theirs.
A policeman came up to me.
A poor school record will count against you when you look for a job.
A portion of the island was destroyed by the massive waves.
A pound is a unit of weight.
A pretty girl like you will definitely be noticed.
A pretty girl lived in that village.
A pretty girl with black hair was in the park.
A pretty waitress waited on us.
A prize was given in honor of the great scientist.
A problem shared is a problem halved.
A promise is a promise.
A promise is not enough.
A promise is quickly forgotten.
A puppy followed me wagging its tail.
A putrid smell came up out of the hole in the ground.
A quarrel arose about what to do with the land.
A quarterly growth of 1.2% means an annual growth rate of 4.8%.
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.
A rabbit has long ears.
A rainbow is a natural phenomenon.
A rat ran across the road.
A real friend will tell you the truth.
A real friend would tell us the truth.
A really perceptive person can figure out a whole situation with just a few clues. That's the kind of person I want you to become.
A refrigerator keeps meat fresh.
A resolution to the problem was more difficult than we anticipated.
A revised edition of the encyclopedia was published.
A revolt broke out.
A revolution broke out in Mexico.
A river runs down through the valley.
A river separates the city into east and west.
A robot can do more work than a man can.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
A rose has thorns on its stem.
A rubber ball bounces because it is elastic.
A rumor circulated through the city.
A rush-hour traffic jam delayed my arrival by two hours.
A samurai, even when he has not eaten, uses a toothpick like a lord.
A sane man wouldn't do that.
A scream broke the silence.
A screen divided the room into two.
A secure income is an important thing for me.
A selfish man thinks of nothing but his own feelings.
A sense of expectation is hanging in the air.
A sentence doesn't have to be long to be beautiful.
A sentence normally has a subject and a verb.
A serious epidemic has broken out in Beijing.
A shiver ran down my spine.
A short movie will be shown during the opening ceremony.
A short walk brought me to the lake.
A short walk will bring you to the station.
A six-figure income is not uncommon for physicians.
A sleeping child is like an angel.
A sleeping child looks like an angel.
A smart dog never barks for no reason.
A sniper shot the lights out.
A soccer team consists of eleven players.
A society without religion is like a ship without a compass.
A solution acceptable to all parties was finally reached.
A solution had to be found.
A special tax is imposed on very high incomes.
A spell of fine weather enabled us to get the harvest in safely.
A sponge absorbs liquids.
A sponge absorbs water.
A sprain like this should heal within a week or so.
A square has four angles.
A square has four equal sides.
A square has four sides.
A square is always a rectangle, but a rectangle is not always a square.
A squid has ten legs.
A squirrel hid among the branches.
A squirrel is taking a bath in the pond.
A stewardess was rescued from the wreck.
A stitch in time saves nine.
A stocky man with a swarthy complexion snatched Mary's handbag and disappeared into the crowd.
A stone does not float.
A storm is brewing.
A storm kept the ship from leaving Kobe.
A strange car was parked in front of my house.
A strange feeling came over me.
A strange man came up to us.
A strange man was walking back and forth in front of my house.
A strange man was walking back and forth on the pavement.
A strange thing happened last night.
A stranger approached him.
A stranger asked the girl whether her father was at home or at his office.
A stranger came into the building.
A stranger is a friend you just haven't met yet.
A stranger is just a friend you havenâ€™t met yet.
A stranger seized me by the arm.
A stranger spoke to me in the bus.
A stranger spoke to me on the bus.
A stray dog followed Tom home and he decided to keep it.
A string on my guitar broke.
A string quartet is rehearsing in the next room.
A strong draft's blowing in through that window.
A strong wind stripped the trees of their leaves.
A strong wind was blowing.
A student raised his hand when the teacher finished the reading.
A study reports that 53,000 Americans die each year as a result of secondhand smoke.
A successful business is built on careful financial management.
A sudden illness forced her to cancel her appointment.
A sumo wrestler thinks nothing of consuming 20,000 calories a day.
A survey shows that many businessmen skip lunch.
A swallow flies very swiftly.
A swarm of hornets attacked the children.
A swarm of mosquitoes followed him.
A table has four legs.
A tall building was built next to my house.
A tall man with a sallow complexion walked into the room and sat down next to Tom.
A tanker is a ship carrying oil.
A tea with lemon, please.
A teacher should never laugh at a student who makes a mistake.
A teacher's salary is less than an attorney's.
A team is composed of eleven players.
A teaspoon of ground cinnamon is about two grams.
A terrible accident happened in his absence.
A terrible fate awaited him.
A terrible thing happened last week.
A terrible thing has happened.
A thick mist covered the countryside.
A thief believes everybody steals.
A thief broke into the house to steal the money.
A thief broke into the house while we were away.
A third is less than a half.
A thorough investigation is now in progress.
A thousand dollars is a large sum.
A tiger has escaped from the zoo.
A time bomb went off at the airport and killed 13 people.
A time bomb went off in the airport killing thirteen people.
A traffic accident caused us a lot of trouble.
A travel agent arranged everything for our trip.
A tree is known by its fruit.
A trip by boat takes longer than by car.
A trip to America is out of the question.
A trip to America this summer is out of the question.
A trip to Hawaii costs around 200 dollars.
A trip to Hawaii will cost you about 200 dollars.
A truck was standing in the middle of the road.
A true friend just tells it like it is.
A true friend would not say such a thing.
A true friend would've helped me.
A true gentleman never betrays his friends.
A true scientist would not think like that.
A true scientist wouldn't think like that.
A tsunami is coming, so please be on the alert.
A turkey is a little bigger than a chicken.
A typhoon is approaching Japan.
A typhoon is coming, so be careful.
A typhoon prevented us from going on our trip to Okinawa.
A unicycle has one wheel.
A unicycle has only one wheel.
A valise of this size is very handy.
A very brief warning or explanation is enough for an intelligent person.
A very handsome prince met an exceptionally beautiful princess.
A violinist I know claims that he owns a Stradivarius.
A violinist I know says that he owns a Stradivarius.
A virus infected Tom's computer.
A voyage to the moon in a spaceship is no longer a dream.
A war broke out between the two countries.
A war is an awful thing.
A water molecule has two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
A week from today, I'll be in England.
A week has seven days.
A well is a place where you can get water.
A well-made cup of coffee should require no cream or sugar.
A whale is a mammal.
A white car has been tailing me for the last two miles.
A wind advisory is in effect until the storm front passes.
A window was broken.
A winter sport that many people enjoy is ice skating.
A wolf cannot be tamed.
A woman appeared from behind a tree.
A woman asked me for directions.
A woman whose husband is dead is called a widow.
A woman wrote 30 books about how to become happy, and then committed suicide.
A women who doesn't criticize you anymore is a women who doesn't love you anymore.
A word spoken is past recalling.
A world map shows all the countries.
A wounded whale washed up on the beach.
A wrench is a commonly used tool.
A year has twelve months.
A year later, he visited the Soviet Union.
A young boy, who couldn't have been more than five years old, asked Tom how to get to the post office.
A young child has a small vocabulary.
A young dog is called a "puppy."
A young man broke into my house last night.
Aardvarks are nocturnal animals.
Aarhus, the second-largest city in Denmark, has the zip code 8000.
Abandon ship!
Abdominal pain is a common problem.
About 10 people are waiting.
About 65% of American adults are overweight, which isn't good for their health.
About 80 million bacteria are transferred during a 10 second kiss.
About how long will it take?
About how many English words do you know?
About how many books do you have?
About how much would a taxi be from here?
About how much would it cost to have this chair repaired?
About this time tomorrow, we'll be climbing Mt. Fuji.
Above all, be careful about what you eat and drink.
Above all, be patient.
Above all, children need love.
Above all, don't forget to write me.
Above all, logic requires precise definitions.
Abraham Lincoln was buried in his hometown of Springfield, Illinois.
Abraham Lincoln went back to Washington that night.
Abraham Lincoln's father was a carpenter by trade.
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Absence of rain caused the plants to die.
Absolutely nothing is permanent in life.
Accidents are inevitable.
Accidents happen all the time.
Accidents have increased in number.
Accidents of this kind often occur.
Accidents will happen.
According to Tom, Mary committed suicide.
According to Tom, Mary killed herself.
According to Tom, you weren't in class today.
According to a recent study, the average life span of the Japanese is still increasing.
According to her, he isn't coming.
According to her, he will not go.
According to her, he won't come.
According to many religions, adultery is a crime.
According to my calculation, she should be in India by now.
According to statistics, world population is on the rise.
According to the Bible, God created the world in six days.
According to the Bible, God made the world in six days.
According to the TV, it will rain tomorrow.
According to the X-ray, everything is all right.
According to the news report, the ruling coalition has secured 72 seats as of 5 p.m.
According to the newspaper, the cost of living in Tokyo is the highest in the world.
According to the newspaper, there was a big fire last night.
According to the paper, it will snow tomorrow.
According to the paper, there was an earthquake in Peru.
According to the papers, the man has finally confessed.
According to the police, Tom wasn't the only one who broke into Mary's house.
According to the police, no one was injured.
According to the radio, it will snow tomorrow.
According to the radio, it'll rain tomorrow.
According to the thermometer, it's about thirty degrees, but it's really humid so it feels much hotter than that.
According to the weather forecast, a storm's coming.
According to the weather forecast, it will snow tomorrow.
According to the weather report, it will snow tonight.
According to this magazine, the economic situation in Japan is getting worse year by year.
According to today's paper, there was a fire in the city.
According to what they say, that boy is very good at singing.
Achille was born in 1908 in Paris.
Achille was born in Paris in 1908.
Achilles was an ancient Greek hero.
Across the street there's a white house.
Act like a man.
Actinium is a radioactive element.
Actinium is a silvery metal.
Actinium vaporizes at 3,198Â°C.
Actinium was discovered by AndrÃ©-Louis Debierne in 1899.
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often.
Actions are more important than words.
Actions speak louder than words.
Activists chained themselves to bulldozers in a bid to stop a mining company clearing a forest to get access to undeveloped coal deposits.
Activists try to prevent disease in poor countries.
Actually, I do have one small complaint.
Actually, I talked with Tom about this already.
Actually, I'm currently unemployed.
Actually, I'm going to New Zealand to study.
Actually, I'm kind of busy.
Actually, I'm not homeless.
Actually, I'm not sure who Tom is.
Actually, I've never seen one.
Actually, Tom doesn't have insurance.
Actually, Tom is his real name.
Actually, it's hard to explain.
Actually, that's what I thought.
Acupuncture is often used to treat pain.
Adams spent most of the war years in Europe.
Adaptation is the key to survival.
Add 3 spoonfuls of white wine.
Add 5 and 2, and you get 7.
Add a few words before I seal the letter.
Add a little milk.
Add a little more milk to my tea, please.
Add a little more pepper.
Add more salt to the soup.
Add more water to it.
Add one teaspoon of paprika.
Add two to three, and you get five.
Add up this column of figures.
Adjust the focus of the microscope.
Adjust the microscope's focus.
Admission is free for children.
Admission is free, but donations are welcome.
Admission is free.
Admission to the museum is thirty dollars.
Admit it, Tom, you're still in love with me.
Admit it, we're lost.
Adopting a low calorie diet will increase your lifespan.
Adults are welcome to participate.
Advanced countries must give aid to developing countries.
Advertisements urge us to buy luxuries.
Advice is like salt.
Afghanistan is a landlocked country.
Afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the truth.
Africa is a continent; Greenland is not.
Africa is exporting beef to Europe.
Africa is the poorest continent.
Africa was once called the Dark Continent.
African Americans demonstrated for civil rights.
African elephants have bigger ears than Asian elephants.
African elephants have less hair than Asian elephants.
After Grandma's sudden death, Grandpa began to age rapidly.
After I found out where Tom went, I went to look for him.
After I got married, my French got better since I started speaking French with my wife.
After I graduated from college, I moved back home and lived with my parents for three years.
After I graduated from college, I spent two years traveling around the world.
After I had done my homework, I went to bed.
After I locked all the doors, I went to bed.
After I shut the door, I remembered I had left my key behind.
After I watched TV, I went to bed.
After Tom ate a little food, his strength returned.
After Tom broke up with Mary, he started dating Alice.
After Tom had eaten all the popcorn in the bowl, he went back into the kitchen to pop some more.
After Tom had eaten everything on his plate, he asked Mary if he could eat her salad.
After Tom had entered four wrong PIN numbers, the ATM swallowed his card.
After Tom passed away, Mary went back to her parents' home.
After Tom's house was broken into, the police questioned his neighbors.
After a brief peace, war broke out again.
After a few minutes, I began to lose interest in the conversation.
After a hectic few days at work, Tom is looking forward to a change of pace.
After a long argument, I finally gave in.
After a long day at work, nothing feels better than a good hot bath.
After a long day at work, nothing is better than a good night's sleep.
After a slow summer season, business began to pick up.
After a storm comes a calm.
After a while, I noticed that we weren't walking on the path anymore.
After all we had done, he was still ungrateful.
After all, it's reasonable.
After an absence of ten months, he returned home.
After decades of civil war, order was restored.
After digressing, he returned to the subject.
After dinner, I did my homework.
After dinner, I take a walk on the beach.
After dinner, we took a spin around town in my car.
After eight months, he eventually started dating girls again.
After getting out of the shower, Tom wiped the fog off the mirror and shaved.
After getting through customs, I was free to go wherever I wanted.
After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.
After he left school, he went to London.
After he said it, he was ashamed.
After hearing the tragic news, he went outside to be alone.
After his bankruptcy, he wasn't able to get back on his feet.
After his death, his paintings were hung in the museum.
After it rains and the ground is damp, it's easier to pull weeds.
After killing Tom, Mary buried him in a shallow grave.
After lunch today, our plan is to take a walk in the park.
After lunch we have two more classes.
After lunch, I returned to the office.
After months of looking, Mary purchased a new dress.
After much reflection, I decided not to accept the offer.
After our first attack, the enemy fled.
After polishing his shoes, Tom brushed his teeth and combed his hair.
After putting on so much weight, Tom couldn't fit into his suit to wear to Mary's funeral.
After reading Tom's forum post, Mary resisted the impulse to post a crude reply.
After reading his books I feel I can construct a house.
After running up so many flights of steps, she was completely out of breath.
After running up the hill, I was completely out of breath.
After school, Tom usually sticks around as long as he can because he doesn't want to go home.
After several delays, the plane finally left.
After she had lunch, she got ready to go out.
After she had read the letter, she tore it to pieces.
After she lost her job, she couldn't afford to feed her dogs, so she gave them away.
After six games, Sampras had the edge on his opponent.
After slapping Tom, Mary ran out of the room.
After some hesitation, he laid the book on the desk.
After spending three weeks looking for a job, he found a well-paid one.
After supper, I washed the dishes.
After taking a bath, Tom ate dinner.
After taking a shower, Tom ate dinner.
After talking to Tom for a few minutes, it became obvious that his French wasn't very good, so Mary switched to English.
After that incident, he never drank again.
After that, he went home.
After the bone has set, the cast will be removed.
After the calves are weaned they are moved to the plush river-flats for fattening.
After the concert, Tom signed autographs.
After the concert, the crowd made for the nearest door.
After the death of Caesar, a comet shone for seven days.
After the fire, only ash was left.
After the game, he went straight home to feed his dog.
After the hurricane, their house was a wreck.
After the lightning, came the thunder.
After the meal, I asked for the bill.
After the revolution, France became a republic.
After the second glass of wine, Tom became talkative.
After the storm, it was calm.
After the storm, the sea was calm.
After the storm, the sea was quiet again.
After the summer holidays, the children have to go back to school.
After the war, Britain had many colonies.
After the war, the idea of democracy spread throughout Japan.
After the work day was over, Tom went home to his wife.
After this, Miki was taken to the hospital.
After three drinks, the man passed out.
After three years of trying to change Tom, Mary realised that he was never going to change.
After walking for an hour, we stopped to take a rest.
After we finished working, we enjoyed talking together.
After we had eaten, we went outside to skate.
After we had walked for some time, we came to the lake.
After winning all the matches, he got the title of champion.
After work, I go right home.
After working all week, we took it easy on Sunday.
After working in the hot sun all afternoon, Tom looked hot and tired.
After writing the letter, Tom put it in an envelope and sealed it.
After you finish reading the book, put it back where it was.
After you kill the sheep, you'll have to skin it.
After you leave, I'll be lonely.
After you've eaten, you should get some sleep.
Afterwards, he assumed a new identity.
Afterwards, we went to Bethlehem to see the statues.
Against all expectations, we became good friends.
Against my advice, he fed his dog some raw pork.
Agriculture is an important industry in California.
Ah, that's much better.
Aiding and abetting the enemy is considered treason.
Ain't she cute?
Air is a mixture of gases that we cannot see.
Air is a mixture of several gases.
Air is composed mainly of nitrogen and oxygen.
Air is invisible.
Air is mainly composed of nitrogen and oxygen.
Air is to man what water is to fish.
Air is to men what water is to fish.
Air pollution is a major problem.
Air quality has deteriorated these past few years.
Airplanes enable people to travel great distances rapidly.
Airplanes have made it easy to travel abroad.
Airplanes land at airports.
Aladdin found a magic lamp.
Albert Einstein's theory of relativity is the most famous formula in the world.
Alcohol consumption is increasing every year.
Alcohol damages the liver.
Alcohol is a drug.
Alcohol is also cheap in Germany.
Alcohol lowers inhibitions.
Alcoholism is incurable.
Alexander was a great conqueror.
Algebra is a branch of mathematics.
Ali is a good person.
Alice will tell you that in Wonderland everything is topsy-turvy.
Alkalis neutralize acids.
All American bills are similar in color.
All Americans have to pay their taxes.
All I ate yesterday was one apple.
All I can do at the moment is sit here and listen.
All I can do at the moment is wait.
All I can do is to do my best.
All I can say is that I'd rather not go.
All I can think about is next month's vacation. I haven't been on one in so long.
All I ever think about is being with Tom.
All I found is a pair of scissors.
All I have is a book.
All I have is books.
All I have is one book.
All I know is that he came from China.
All I know is that she left last week.
All I know is what I read in the papers.
All I really want is to be left alone.
All I think about is you.
All I want is to be alone for a few months.
All I want is what's rightfully mine.
All I want is you.
All I want to do is close my eyes and get some sleep.
All I want to do now is sleep.
All Tom ate was bananas.
All Tom can think about is Mary.
All Tom can think about is food.
All Tom can think about is sleep.
All Tom does is watch TV.
All Tom needs is a little love and affection.
All Tom told me was that he wouldn't be at the meeting.
All Tom wanted was for Mary to love him as much as he loved her.
All Tom wanted was some peace and quiet.
All Tom wanted was to find a woman who would accept all the love he could give.
All Tom wants to do is swim.
All Tom's problems have just been solved.
All aboard!
All at once the sky became dark and it started to rain.
All at once there was an explosion.
All at once, I heard a shrill cry.
All beginnings are difficult.
All boys like to play baseball.
All brides are beautiful on their wedding days.
All but Tom were present.
All but one were present.
All but three of the cars in the parking lot were white.
All children do not like apples.
All citizens should respect the law.
All communication with that airplane was suddenly cut off.
All communication with the mainland was cut off by the typhoon.
All contributions are tax deductible.
All drugs of addiction increase the release of dopamine in the brain.
All economic problems would be solved, if they made complacency taxable.
All employees had to memorize the access code.
All essays must be handed in on time.
All five rabbits were eaten by the hungry wolves.
All four of the boys didn't have alibis.
All future meetings will be held in this room.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
All good things come to an end.
All good things must come to an end.
All great men are dead and I am not feeling too well myself.
All hands, abandon ship!
All he wanted was time to finish his painting.
All her friends live in England.
All her money went to her nephew.
All his family was around him when he died.
All his life Tom was an outsider.
All hope is gone.
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.
All human beings are mortal.
All humanity will suffer if a nuclear war breaks out.
All humans on Earth are descended from a common ancestor.
All in all, the international conference was a success.
All in all, this was a nice party.
All inventions grow out of necessity.
All is calm tonight.
All is fair in love and war.
All is quiet.
All is well that ends well.
All is well with me.
All is well.
All journeys begin with a first step.
All lawyers are liars.
All life support systems have been severely damaged.
All members have access to these books.
All men are equal.
All men have some natural talent, but the question is whether they can use it or not.
All men must die.
All my friends have children.
All my friends like Tom.
All my friends turned their back on me.
All my friends will be there.
All my pains are nothing compared to yours.
All my relatives live in this city.
All of Tom's friends laughed at me.
All of Tom's predictions came true.
All of a sudden the sky became overcast.
All of a sudden they stopped talking.
All of a sudden, I feel like crying.
All of a sudden, I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
All of a sudden, I remembered that I couldn't pay for so many books.
All of a sudden, Tom and I were alone.
All of a sudden, all the lights went out.
All of a sudden, it began raining.
All of a sudden, large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky.
All of a sudden, she began to laugh.
All of a sudden, the fire alarm went off.
All of a sudden, the lights went out.
All of a sudden, three dogs appeared in front of us.
All of my brothers died in the war.
All of my brothers have jobs.
All of my friends like Tom.
All of my friends like computer games.
All of my friends like soccer.
All of my relatives are taller than me.
All of my siblings are taller than me.
All of my students call me by my first name.
All of sudden all the lights went out.
All of the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs.
All of the balls are yellow.
All of the boys are asleep in the next room.
All of the boys were wearing gloves.
All of the buses are full.
All of the children had gone to bed before it got dark.
All of the dogs were alive.
All of the students at our school study French.
All of the students were present.
All of the suspects have solid alibis.
All of the town was destroyed by a fire.
All of the tree's leaves turned yellow.
All of them are good teachers.
All of them are good, so choose three books.
All of them are not present.
All of them swim very fast.
All of them went there.
All of them were handmade things.
All of them will get a prize.
All of us approved of the plan.
All of us are disappointed.
All of us are happy.
All of us can speak French.
All of us except for Tom thought Mary was guilty.
All of us know him well.
All of us like her.
All of us live in the same dorm.
All of us speak French.
All of us want to live as long as possible.
All of us went except for him.
All of us were busy cleaning the room.
All of us were silent.
All of us were surprised at the news.
All of us will die sooner or later.
All of you did good work.
All of you look healthy.
All of you speak French, right?
All of your accusations are without foundation. She's innocent and we're going to prove it.
All of your cats are grey.
All our attempts failed.
All our demands have been met.
All our effort ended in failure.
All our efforts were in vain.
All our family heirlooms were destroyed in a fire.
All our food was rotten.
All our money is gone.
All our teachers were young and loved teaching.
All people breathe air.
All plants need water and light.
All prices are subject to change.
All right, I'll do it.
All right, do it your own way, but don't blame me if you fail.
All right, let's give it a try.
All right, listen carefully.
All right, we'll meet at five.
All right. It's a deal.
All right. Please order it.
All roads lead to Rome.
All sales are final.
All seats are reserved.
All sorts of rumors were floating around about her.
All sugar is sweet.
All swans are white.
All that I know is that Tom is lying.
All that I was looking for was somebody who looked like you.
All that glitters is not gold.
All that work exhausted me.
All that you have to do is to follow his advice.
All the answers to this question were wrong.
All the apartments are occupied.
All the apple trees were cut down.
All the bank robbers were wearing masks.
All the benches are taken.
All the boys are the same age.
All the boys in class worked hard.
All the boys looked down.
All the boys ran away.
All the boys were dancing.
All the boys were looking at Tom.
All the boys were whistling and cheering.
All the boys were yelling.
All the buses are full.
All the cars in this garage belong to Tom.
All the characters in this book are imaginary.
All the church bells started ringing together.
All the coaches of the train were packed to capacity ten minutes before it started.
All the crew were saved.
All the critics praised the new movie.
All the desk drawers were empty.
All the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
All the doctors say that I shouldn't drink coffee, but, despite that, I do have a bit now and then when I'm in good company.
All the dogs are alive.
All the doors of the house were closed.
All the eggs went bad.
All the evidence points to his guilt.
All the exams are now behind us.
All the floors in her house are made of wood.
All the flowers in the garden are yellow.
All the furniture was covered with dust.
All the girls love Tom.
All the girls seem to have fallen in love with Tom.
All the hostages were released unharmed.
All the houses on my street lost power this morning due to the storm.
All the kids I grew up with could swim before they started going to school.
All the kids were dancing.
All the leaves on the tree turned yellow.
All the lights went out.
All the meat was bad.
All the members of the club agreed with me.
All the members of the committee hate one another.
All the members were present.
All the men are hardworking.
All the men in Tom's family are bald.
All the men present were wearing tuxedos.
All the men were wearing dark suits and white shirts.
All the money is gone.
All the money was gone.
All the money was spent on clothes.
All the names are listed in alphabetical order.
All the neighbors united to clean up the park.
All the old magazines are sold out.
All the other kids do it.
All the passengers aboard were killed in the crash.
All the passengers got seasick during the storm.
All the passengers left the plane in a hurry.
All the passengers were killed in the crash.
All the people present were moved by his speech.
All the people who were here have left.
All the players did their best.
All the players were in position.
All the roads leading into the city are full of cars.
All the rooms are taken.
All the schools are closed on that holiday.
All the seats are booked.
All the seats are occupied.
All the seats are reserved.
All the signs are that she is getting better.
All the snow on the mountain has disappeared.
All the songs I sang for you today were written by me.
All the stores were closed.
All the stories are interesting.
All the students are present.
All the students are studying English.
All the students clapped their hands.
All the students forgot to read that book.
All the students look up to him.
All the students of the university have access to the university library.
All the students protested against the war.
All the students study English.
All the students were there.
All the supplies ran out.
All the teachers and students we talked to said that Tom is easy to get along with.
All the tickets are sold out.
All the villagers know him.
All the windows were open.
All the words underlined in red should be checked for spelling.
All the world speaks English.
All these apples are very sweet.
All these books are mine.
All these devices are unreliable.
All things considered, he is a good teacher.
All things considered, she is a fairly good wife.
All things considered, we cannot say that he is wrong.
All things taken into consideration, my father's life was a happy one.
All this damage is the result of the storm.
All this is for my personal use.
All this may sound strange, but it is true.
All those flowers look alike.
All those things are true.
All those who take up the sword shall perish by the sword.
All three of us agree.
All three of us are students.
All three of you are very lucky.
All we can do is hope.
All we can do is to wait for him.
All we can do is wait for the police to arrive.
All we can do is wait.
All we know is that Tom is coming to our office at 2:30.
All we know is that Tom is guilty.
All we need is a few more volunteers.
All we need is a little more practice.
All we need is a little more time.
All we need is a little patience.
All we need is water.
All we want is for you to be happy.
All we want to do is eat.
All were satisfied.
All women are the same.
All writing systems have advantages and disadvantages.
All you can do is to wait.
All you can do is trust one another.
All you can do is wait.
All you care about is money.
All you had to do was ask and I would have lent you as much money as you needed.
All you had to do was ask.
All you had to do was talk to Tom.
All you have to do is apologize for being late.
All you have to do is ask.
All you have to do is fill in this form.
All you have to do is give him a little help.
All you have to do is go there.
All you have to do is listen.
All you have to do is press the button.
All you have to do is push this button to take a picture.
All you have to do is push this button.
All you have to do is push this red button.
All you have to do is read these two pages.
All you have to do is sign this paper.
All you have to do is sit here and be quiet.
All you have to do is sit here and wait.
All you have to do is smile.
All you have to do is sweep the floor.
All you have to do is tell Tom to leave.
All you have to do is to concentrate.
All you have to do is to do your best.
All you have to do is to make a comment.
All you have to do is to meet her there.
All you have to do is to push this button.
All you have to do is to take care of yourself.
All you have to do is to wait for her reply.
All you have to do is wait and see.
All you have to do is wash the dishes.
All you have to do is write a few sentences about what you did yesterday.
All you have to do is write it down.
All you have to do to pass the entrance examination is to read this book.
All you need is a little patience.
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.
All you need is to get a driver's license.
All you need to do is listen carefully.
All you need to do is trust each other.
All you need to do is wait.
All your problems have been solved.
All's fair in love and war.
All's well that ends well.
Allied forces were attacking from the west.
Allow me to go with you.
Allow me to go.
Allow me to introduce my wife to you.
Allow me to introduce myself.
Allow yourself to make mistakes.
Almost a third of the gunshot victims were teenagers.
Almost all Japanese boys like to play baseball.
Almost all boys can play baseball.
Almost all girls are kind.
Almost all of Tom's free time is spent on a golf course.
Almost all of the dogs are alive.
Almost all of us can speak French.
Almost all the doors were closed.
Almost all the leaves have fallen.
Almost all the students believed the rumor.
Almost all the students know about it.
Almost all the workers objected to working at night.
Almost every tourist carries a camera with him.
Almost everybody appreciates good food.
Almost everybody was invited.
Almost everyone I know can speak French.
Almost everyone arrived on time.
Almost everyone came.
Almost everyone here can speak French.
Almost everyone in our village is related to one another.
Almost everyone was late.
Almost everything has been improved.
Almost everything has gotten better.
Almost no one believed her.
Almost no one believed him.
Almost no one believes her.
Almost nobody is unemployed now.
Almost sixty-nine million people voted.
Alone in the big city, I began to get homesick.
Although I was exhausted, I continued to work.
Although I was sick, I did my best.
Although I was tired, I did my best.
Although I was tired, I did my very best.
Although each person follows a different path, our destinations are the same.
Although he had many toys, his greed made him want more.
Although he is rich, he is not happy.
Although he may be clever, he is not wise.
Although he was born in England, he speaks English very badly.
Although he was exhausted, he had to keep working.
Although he's young, he's an outstanding doctor.
Although her house is nearby, I seldom see her.
Although it is a very difficult task, I will do my best.
Although it rained, everyone had a good time.
Although it was raining, I had to go out.
Although my car is very old, it still runs very well.
Although natto smells awful, it is delicious.
Although she has many weaknesses, I trust her.
Although she is rich, she dresses quite simply.
Although she was tired, she tried to finish the work.
Although the proposal seemed like a good idea, they refused it.
Although the sun was out, it was cold.
Although they are twins, they have few interests in common.
Although they were brothers, they were not on speaking terms.
Although we don't have much money, I want to buy this painting.
Aluminum is a metal.
Always be true to yourself.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Always do what is right.
Always keep a bucket of water handy, in case of fire.
Always keep your eyes on the road.
Always look on the bright side of life.
Always obey your father.
Always pay attention to your surroundings.
Always tell the truth.
Alzheimer's disease affects nearly 50 million people around the world.
Am I a bad person?
Am I a suspect?
Am I allowed to enter?
Am I allowed to use this?
Am I alone here?
Am I annoying you?
Am I approved?
Am I being fired?
Am I boring you?
Am I confusing you?
Am I correct in assuming that you wish you hadn't done that?
Am I correct?
Am I disturbing anything?
Am I doing something wrong?
Am I dreaming?
Am I ever going to see you again?
Am I fat?
Am I going in the right direction?
Am I going too fast?
Am I hurting you?
Am I imagining things?
Am I in love?
Am I in your way?
Am I invited?
Am I late?
Am I making myself clear?
Am I making sense?
Am I mistaken?
Am I my brother's keeper?
Am I older than you?
Am I on the right road?
Am I qualified?
Am I really that bad?
Am I responsible for this?
Am I right?
Am I safe here?
Am I safe now?
Am I so different from you?
Am I speaking too quickly?
Am I still in charge here?
Am I still on the right road?
Am I still welcome here?
Am I still your boyfriend?
Am I supposed to be at the meeting on Monday?
Am I supposed to be impressed?
Am I supposed to eat this?
Am I supposed to leave now?
Am I supposed to thank you?
Am I talking to myself?
Am I talking too fast for you?
Am I talking too fast?
Am I that transparent?
Am I the only one here who doesn't speak French?
Am I the only one?
Am I too early?
Am I under arrest?
Am I welcome here?
Am I wrong?
Ambition drove him to murder.
America did away with slavery in 1863.
America is a country of immigrants.
America is ahead in space technology.
America is made up of 50 states.
America is not the most democratic nation.
America is the greatest country in the world.
America is the land of opportunity.
America is very big.
America is very large.
America was discovered by Columbus in 1492.
America's Civil War lasted four years.
American English isn't better than British English.
American forces were withdrawn.
American kitchens are much bigger than Japanese ones.
American students are falling behind in math.
American troops stayed in Nicaragua until 1933.
American women didn't have the right to vote.
American workers began to protest.
Americans admire Lincoln for his honesty.
Americans are frank enough to say what they think.
Americans eat a lot of meat.
Americans need a visa to travel to China.
Americans simply had no desire to fight.
Americans under the age of eighteen aren't allowed to vote in presidential elections.
Americans vote for a new president every four years.
Americans voted on November 2, 2004.
Americans who are over sixty-five make up 12.5% of the total population.
Americans, in general, don't like to dress up.
Ammonia is a base.
Among the five of us, she, without a doubt, speaks the most languages.
Among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies.
Among the things found were umbrellas, shoes, and handkerchiefs.
Amsterdam is famous for its canals.
An Earth-like planet, which is believed to have conditions which would support life as we know it, has been discovered 500 light years from earth.
An Englishman would not use such a word.
An MP3 file is an audio file.
An accident has happened.
An accident just happened.
An accident may happen at any time.
An accident prohibited his attending the ceremony.
An adult aardvark can weigh up to 100 kilograms.
An afternoon appointment is more convenient for me.
An ambulance arrived immediately.
An amputation is needed.
An angle of 90 degrees is called a right angle.
An animal can be much more dangerous when wounded.
An anonymous benefactor bequeathed several hundred thousand dollars to an animal shelter.
An ant can lift more than 50 times its weight.
An antique pot was dug out.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
An apple fell off the tree.
An apple fell to the ground.
An apple will float in water, a pear won't.
An architect should not pretend to be an artist.
An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture.
An atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima in 1945.
An automobile has four wheels.
An automobile ran over him.
An awful accident happened yesterday.
An awful thing happened today.
An awning broke his fall and saved his life.
An eagle's wings are more than one meter across.
An earthquake destroyed the building.
An elephant is a strong animal.
An elephant is a very large animal.
An elephant is an enormous animal.
An enemy of an enemy is not necessarily an ally.
An enemy ship is approaching.
An envelope and a stamp, please.
An error was made.
An expensive car is a status symbol.
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
An honest man never steals money.
An honorable death is better than a shameful life.
An hour has sixty minutes, and a minute has sixty seconds.
An hour of sleep before midnight is worth two hours of sleep after midnight.
An idea came to me.
An idea occurred to me.
An illustration may make the point clear.
An image is worth a thousand words.
An immense monument was erected in honor of the eminent philosopher.
An important quality of steel is its strength.
An individual is the smallest unit of the society.
An infant is not capable of speaking, so it just screams until it gets what it wants.
An innocent man was arrested by mistake.
An old castle stands near the river.
An old lady guided us through the castle.
An old man sat next to me on the bus.
An old person is a bridge between the past and the present.
An old woman is walking across the road.
An old woman limped along the street.
An old woman was burnt to death.
An older man was sitting on the bench.
An orphan at three, he was brought up by a distant relative.
An ostrich can't fly.
An ugly man knocked on my door.
An uncle of mine is a doctor.
An unexpected error has occurred.
An unforgettable event occurred.
An up-to-date edition of the encyclopedia will come out next month.
Ancient coins were found inside the mysterious tomb.
Ancient customs are dying out quickly today.
Ancient people liked to tell stories of bravery.
And everyone has the ability to contribute.
And here's the problem.
And how are things in Washington?
And just who might you be?
And now, it's my turn!
And so, they decided to act immediately.
And then what happened?
And then, what did you do?
And to make matters worse, he met with a traffic accident.
And what do I have to do now?
And where is the money coming from?
And why would I do that?
Angola was once a Portuguese territory.
Animal bodies are made up of cells.
Animals can't tell what's real and what's fake.
Animals cannot exist without air and water.
Ankara is the capital of Turkey.
Anna Freud had a profound influence on Hollywood.
Anniversaries are important.
Another bottle of wine, please.
Another day passed.
Another ten years went by quickly.
Another thing that is required is a dictionary.
Answer Tom.
Answer in English.
Answer me right now.
Answer me.
Answer the following questions in English.
Answer the phone, please.
Answer the phone.
Answer the question, Tom.
Answer the question.
Antique carpets are especially valuable.
Antonio GuzmÃ¡n Blanco came to power in Venezuela in 1870.
Ants have a well-organized society.
Any book will do provided it is interesting.
Any book will do.
Any child can answer that.
Any child knows that.
Any comments are welcome.
Any further discussion is pointless.
Any mushroom can be eaten, but some only once.
Any new jokes?
Any of you can do it.
Any one of us could do it.
Any other bright ideas?
Any paper will do.
Any questions?
Any student can answer that question.
Any teacher that can be replaced by a machine should be.
Any time will suit me.
Any time you want to borrow my car, all you have to do is ask.
Any trouble Tom's ever gotten into was caused by alcohol.
Anybody can do that.
Anybody can do this.
Anybody can make a mistake.
Anybody can participate.
Anybody could do this.
Anybody is better than nobody.
Anybody knows it.
Anybody want a lift?
Anybody will do.
Anyone can do it easily.
Anyone can do it.
Anyone can do that.
Anyone can do their bit to protect the environment.
Anyone can make a mistake.
Anyone can make mistakes.
Anyone can see that.
Anyone can tell your interest is genuine.
Anyone can write his own name.
Anyone could have made it.
Anyone else want to give it a try?
Anyone home?
Anyone is welcome to join.
Anyone over eighteen years of age counts as an adult.
Anyone who criticizes him is asking for trouble.
Anyone who says so is a liar.
Anything can happen on TV.
Anything could happen in a place like this.
Anything else?
Anything is possible.
Anything might happen.
Anything new?
Anything that can be misunderstood will be.
Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong.
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
Anything will do.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
Anything you say can and will be used against you.
Anything you say can be used against you.
Anything you say may be held against you in a court of law.
Anything you say may be used against you.
Anything's possible.
Anyway, it all worked out.
Anyway, we'll see each other tomorrow.
Anyway, you're wrong.
Anywhere with a bed will do.
Aomori is famous for its good apples.
Apart from a few minor mistakes, your composition was excellent.
Apart from my sister, my family doesn't watch TV.
Apart from that, I don't know anything.
Apes are intelligent.
Apes rank above dogs in intelligence.
Apparently my bare feet bothered him more than anything else.
Apparently you're right.
Apparently, I was wrong.
Apparently, Tom doesn't like Mary.
Apparently, Tom is still alive.
Apparently, Tom was already famous before he released that album.
Apparently, Tom was late because there was a traffic jam on Route 19.
Apparently, Tom was late because there was a traffic jam on Rt. 19.
Apparently, Tom's death was a suicide.
Apparently, everyone was happy.
Apparently, the bus is late.
Appearances are deceiving.
Appearances can be deceptive.
Apples are red or green.
Apples are red.
Apples are sold by the dozen.
Apples are the best fruit.
Apples are usually green, yellow, or red.
Apples were served as the dessert.
Applicants must be under thirty years old.
Approximately 80% of landmine casualties are civilian.
Approximately seven billion people inhabit our planet.
April is the fourth month of the year.
Arabic is a very important language.
Arabic is my mother tongue.
Arabic is read from right to left.
Arabic is written from right to left.
Are Tom and John brothers?
Are Tom and Mary really engaged?
Are Tom and Mary really friends?
Are Tom and Mary really married?
Are Tom and Mary twins?
Are Tom and Mary your friends?
Are all of them your friends?
Are all of your sisters older than you?
Are all passengers on board?
Are all swans white?
Are all the doors locked?
Are all the passengers aboard?
Are all these books yours?
Are any meals included?
Are any of these within walking distance?
Are any of you coming with me?
Are any seats still available?
Are both of you ready to go?
Are both of you really named Tom?
Are cats smarter than dogs?
Are dragons real?
Are drinks free?
Are ghosts real?
Are meals included?
Are my ears red?
Are my socks dry already?
Are rabbits able to swim?
Are sandwiches OK for lunch?
Are seats available?
Are the Niagara Falls far from your town?
Are the passengers all aboard?
Are the preparations for tomorrow complete?
Are the stores closed on Sunday in England?
Are the train tickets expensive?
Are there a lot of Africans in Germany?
Are there a lot of Moroccans in Germany?
Are there a lot of tall buildings in Boston?
Are there any English magazines in this library?
Are there any bags in this shop?
Are there any beaches in Germany?
Are there any direct flights between Boston and Sydney?
Are there any good restaurants around here?
Are there any letters for me?
Are there any movie theaters near here?
Are there any objections?
Are there any other hotels you can recommend?
Are there any other possibilities?
Are there any other questions?
Are there any problems I should know about?
Are there any questions?
Are there any religions that don't permit organ donation?
Are there any volunteers?
Are there dogs that eat raw fish?
Are there earthquakes in Germany?
Are there floods in Germany?
Are there lots of sharks around here?
Are there many animals in the zoo?
Are there many trees in the park?
Are there public restrooms in this building?
Are there reserved seats?
Are there scorpions in Germany?
Are there still enough chairs for everyone?
Are there still wild bears in Germany?
Are there still wolves in Germany?
Are there survivors?
Are these Tom's shoes?
Are these all Tom's books?
Are these all the sizes you have?
Are these all your books, Tom?
Are these bananas ripe?
Are these books yours or mine?
Are these cups porcelain?
Are these my socks or your socks?
Are these the glasses you are looking for?
Are these your daughters?
Are these your horses?
Are these your own books?
Are these your things?
Are these yours, Tom?
Are these yours?
Are they American?
Are they Canadian?
Are they Japanese or Chinese?
Are they all the same?
Are they arriving at ten o'clock in the morning or at night?
Are they brothers?
Are they busy?
Are they coming at six or at seven?
Are they coming here tomorrow?
Are they displayed all through the year?
Are they friends?
Are they going to employ more people?
Are they in Paris?
Are they paying you well enough?
Are they really soldiers?
Are they satisfied?
Are they sisters?
Are they speaking English?
Are they speaking French?
Are they still here?
Are they still in bed?
Are they students?
Are they tall?
Are they the people you saw yesterday?
Are things going well?
Are those bedbugs?
Are those flowers for me?
Are those guys from your school?
Are those guys your friends?
Are those my earrings?
Are those my glasses?
Are those new shoes?
Are those people terrorists?
Are those the people you saw yesterday?
Are those your pictures?
Are tickets for the concert available here?
Are vampires real?
Are we able to prevent disease?
Are we all going to die?
Are we all happy?
Are we all ready?
Are we allowed to take pictures here?
Are we alone in the universe?
Are we alone?
Are we broke?
Are we doing this correctly?
Are we done yet?
Are we done?
Are we driving around in circles?
Are we ever going to see it?
Are we going anywhere this evening?
Are we going far?
Are we going for a walk?
Are we going to eat out tonight?
Are we in danger?
Are we in the same hotel?
Are we just friends?
Are we leaving now?
Are we leaving soon?
Are we leaving?
Are we lost?
Are we meeting tomorrow?
Are we on speakerphone?
Are we prepared?
Are we ready for it?
Are we safe here?
Are we safe in here?
Are we safe now?
Are we talking about the same Tom?
Are you American or French?
Are you American?
Are you Catholic?
Are you Chinese or Japanese?
Are you Japanese?
Are you Mary's husband?
Are you OK with this?
Are you OK, Tom?
Are you OK?
Are you Tom's daughter?
Are you Tom's lawyer?
Are you Tom?
Are you a Buddhist?
Are you a Japanese student?
Are you a bachelor?
Are you a believer?
Are you a coffee drinker?
Are you a college student?
Are you a criminal?
Are you a doctor?
Are you a dog person or a cat person?
Are you a fan?
Are you a ghost?
Are you a good cook?
Are you a good dancer?
Are you a member of the baseball team?
Are you a member of this crew?
Are you a musician?
Are you a natural blonde?
Are you a paleontologist?
Are you a perfectionist?
Are you a registered voter?
Are you a religious person?
Are you a secretive person?
Are you a seismologist?
Are you a singer?
Are you a student of a private high school?
Are you a student?
Are you a taxi driver?
Are you a teacher here or a student?
Are you a teacher or a student?
Are you a vampire?
Are you a wizard?
Are you able to grant us a special discount of 5% for 50 sets of the product?
Are you able to solve it?
Are you able to speak Mandarin?
Are you able to swim?
Are you able to tell the difference between butter and margarine?
Are you able to type?
Are you about done?
Are you absolutely certain about this?
Are you absolutely sure you want to drop out of school?
Are you absolutely sure?
Are you accusing me of being a liar?
Are you accusing me of cheating?
Are you accusing me of planting evidence?
Are you accusing us of price gouging?
Are you actually threatening me?
Are you afraid of Tom?
Are you afraid of a little girl?
Are you afraid of death?
Are you afraid of getting hurt?
Are you afraid of heights?
Are you afraid of me?
Are you afraid of silence?
Are you afraid of the dark?
Are you all alone?
Are you all out of your minds?
Are you all right?
Are you allergic to any plants?
Are you allergic to anything else?
Are you alone now?
Are you alone right now?
Are you alone?
Are you already thinking of a replacement for Tom?
Are you always at home in the evening?
Are you always busy?
Are you ambitious?
Are you an exchange student?
Are you an only child?
Are you and Tom close?
Are you and Tom friends?
Are you and Tom getting back together?
Are you angry at him?
Are you angry at me?
Are you angry because of what I said?
Are you angry with me?
Are you anxious?
Are you artistic?
Are you as tall as me?
Are you as tired as I am?
Are you asking me for something?
Are you asleep?
Are you at home?
Are you athletic?
Are you attempting to bribe me?
Are you attracted to me?
Are you awake?
Are you aware of how much she loves you?
Are you aware that Okinawa is closer to China than to Honshu?
Are you aware that Tom doesn't like you?
Are you back home now?
Are you bald?
Are you beginning to get the picture?
Are you being bitten by mosquitoes?
Are you being paid for doing this?
Are you being serious?
Are you being waited on?
Are you bilingual?
Are you blaming me for your lack of success?
Are you blaming me?
Are you blind?
Are you blowing me off?
Are you booked for tomorrow?
Are you bored here?
Are you bored right now?
Are you bored?
Are you both crazy?
Are you brave?
Are you brothers?
Are you brushing your teeth properly?
Are you busy now?
Are you busy on Sunday afternoon?
Are you busy tomorrow afternoon?
Are you busy?
Are you buying into this?
Are you by yourself or with someone?
Are you calling from Germany?
Are you calling it a night?
Are you celebrating Christmas?
Are you certain about that?
Are you certain about this?
Are you certain it was an accident?
Are you certain nobody followed you?
Are you certain you've made the right decision?
Are you certain?
Are you close to your family?
Are you coming along with us?
Are you coming down?
Are you coming or not?
Are you coming to my concert?
Are you coming to my house next Sunday?
Are you coming to pick me up tomorrow morning?
Are you coming to the store with me?
Are you coming with me?
Are you coming?
Are you competent?
Are you confident?
Are you conservative?
Are you content with your position in the company?
Are you content with your present salary?
Are you content?
Are you cooking tonight?
Are you crazy?
Are you curious?
Are you currently using any medication?
Are you dating anybody?
Are you dating anyone?
Are you dead?
Are you disappointed?
Are you doing anything special for New Year's Eve?
Are you doing anything special?
Are you done with that magazine?
Are you done with your homework yet?
Are you down there?
Are you dreading this as much as I am?
Are you drinking enough water?
Are you drinking green tea?
Are you drunk?
Are you enjoying good health?
Are you enjoying it?
Are you enjoying this?
Are you enjoying your weekend?
Are you enjoying yourself?
Are you envious?
Are you even listening me?
Are you ever going to tell me what happened that night?
Are you excited?
Are you expecting any visitors?
Are you expecting anybody?
Are you experienced?
Are you fair?
Are you falling in love with me?
Are you familiar with the rules of soccer?
Are you familiar with this area?
Are you fat?
Are you feeling OK?
Are you feeling a little better now?
Are you feeling any better?
Are you feeling better today?
Are you feeling better, Tom?
Are you feeling sick?
Are you feeling tired?
Are you feeling under the weather?
Are you finished here?
Are you finished reading the newspaper?
Are you finished with the paper?
Are you finished with your work?
Are you fit?
Are you flexible?
Are you following me?
Are you fond of Maltese dogs?
Are you fond of baseball?
Are you fond of music?
Are you fond of swimming?
Are you for or against his idea?
Are you for or against my plan?
Are you for or against the bill?
Are you for or against the project?
Are you for or against the proposal?
Are you for or against the war?
Are you forgetful?
Are you freaking out?
Are you free now?
Are you free on Friday afternoon?
Are you free on Tuesday?
Are you free this afternoon?
Are you free this evening?
Are you free this weekend?
Are you free tomorrow afternoon?
Are you free tomorrow?
Are you free?
Are you friendly?
Are you friends with Tom?
Are you frightened, Tom?
Are you from Kyoto?
Are you from around here?
Are you from here?
Are you from the United States?
Are you generous?
Are you getting paid for this?
Are you getting tired?
Are you going anywhere?
Are you going for a walk?
Are you going home?
Are you going or not?
Are you going or staying?
Are you going there on business?
Are you going to Boston next weekend?
Are you going to attend ceremony?
Are you going to attend the meeting tonight?
Are you going to attend the meeting?
Are you going to be able to help Tom?
Are you going to be at this afternoon's meeting?
Are you going to be there?
Are you going to buy that?
Are you going to buy the car?
Are you going to call Tom or do you want me to?
Are you going to call Tom?
Are you going to cut down all the trees here?
Are you going to do something about it?
Are you going to do your homework this afternoon?
Are you going to get a job this semester?
Are you going to go anywhere this summer?
Are you going to go there?
Are you going to have dinner at home?
Are you going to help me?
Are you going to help us or not?
Are you going to help us?
Are you going to invite her to the party?
Are you going to learn English?
Are you going to pay a visit to China this fall?
Are you going to play tricks on me again, you naughty boy?
Are you going to record today's episode?
Are you going to school tomorrow?
Are you going to send this by parcel post?
Are you going to sing here?
Are you going to sing?
Are you going to stay here in the hotel?
Are you going to stay there for long?
Are you going to take part in the English speech contest?
Are you going to take part in the contest?
Are you going to take part in the next race?
Are you going to tell Tom to leave, or should I?
Are you going to tell Tom what I did?
Are you going to tell Tom?
Are you going to tell me that you and Tom never dated?
Are you going to the class reunion?
Are you going to the concert tonight?
Are you going to the tennis court?
Are you going to the theater tonight?
Are you going to use that?
Are you going to use this?
Are you going to visit any other countries?
Are you going to vote in the upcoming election?
Are you going to wear that dress to the party?
Are you going to write to your father?
Are you going, too?
Are you gonna help me or what?
Are you gonna pay for it?
Are you good at cooking?
Are you good at keeping secrets?
Are you good at math?
Are you good at mathematics?
Are you good at playing the piano?
Are you good at sight reading music?
Are you good at speaking French?
Are you good at tennis?
Are you guys armed?
Are you guys crazy?
Are you guys crying?
Are you guys from Austria, or is it Australia?
Are you guys having any fun?
Are you guys hungry?
Are you guys really cousins?
Are you guys still dating each other?
Are you guys still dating?
Are you guys still together?
Are you guys sure about this?
Are you happy in your house?
Are you happy now, Tom?
Are you happy now?
Are you happy with how you look?
Are you happy with that?
Are you happy with your appearance?
Are you happy with your life?
Are you happy with your new job?
Are you happy?
Are you having a good time?
Are you having fun?
Are you having problems with anyone here?
Are you having second thoughts?
Are you healthy?
Are you here alone?
Are you here on holiday?
Are you here to arrest me?
Are you here today for any particular reason?
Are you here voluntarily?
Are you here with someone?
Are you here?
Are you hiding from Tom?
Are you hiding something from me?
Are you hiring?
Are you home?
Are you honest?
Are you honestly telling me you never want to see Tom again?
Are you hungry yet?
Are you hungry?
Are you hurt?
Are you imaginative?
Are you imitating me?
Are you implying something?
Are you important?
Are you impressed?
Are you impulsive?
Are you in a bad mood or something?
Are you in a bad mood?
Are you in a band?
Are you in a good mood?
Are you in a hurry?
Are you in a rush?
Are you in favor of or against that policy?
Are you in favor of the proposal?
Are you in favor of this motion?
Are you in love with Tom?
Are you in the library?
Are you in trouble with the law?
Are you in trouble?
Are you independent?
Are you intentionally trying to confuse me?
Are you interested in Japanese music?
Are you interested in art?
Are you interested in baseball, Tom?
Are you interested in buying an encyclopedia?
Are you interested in flowers?
Are you interested in me?
Are you interested in music?
Are you interested in politics?
Are you interested in the job?
Are you involved in this?
Are you joking?
Are you just going to stand there all day?
Are you kidding?
Are you laughing at me?
Are you learning French?
Are you listening to him?
Are you listening to me at all?
Are you listening to me?
Are you listening?
Are you looking for a job?
Are you looking for anything in particular?
Are you looking for somebody?
Are you looking for someone?
Are you looking for something specific?
Are you looking for something?
Are you looking for us?
Are you looking?
Are you lying to me?
Are you mad at me?
Are you mad?
Are you making fun of me?
Are you married or are you single?
Are you married or single?
Are you married?
Are you meeting someone here?
Are you mentally ill?
Are you new here?
Are you new, too?
Are you new?
Are you no longer in pain?
Are you off duty tonight?
Are you off your rocker?
Are you on Facebook?
Are you on any medication right now?
Are you on the committee?
Are you on your way home?
Are you on your way to the tennis court?
Are you one of Tom's children?
Are you one of Tom's relatives?
Are you optimistic?
Are you out of work?
Are you out of your mind?
Are you out there?
Are you over 18?
Are you overweight?
Are you paying attention?
Are you paying together or separately?
Are you planning on buying a car?
Are you planning on buying a house?
Are you planning on buying a new computer?
Are you planning on taking Tom with you?
Are you planning to help Tom?
Are you planning to stay?
Are you pleased with the results?
Are you pleased with your new house?
Are you pleased with your new job?
Are you polite?
Are you possessive?
Are you pregnant?
Are you prejudiced?
Are you proud of your father?
Are you questioning my decision?
Are you questioning my integrity?
Are you questioning my loyalty?
Are you reading an interesting book?
Are you ready for the trip?
Are you ready to celebrate?
Are you ready to eat?
Are you ready to fly?
Are you ready to go out?
Are you ready to hear the bad news?
Are you ready to start?
Are you ready, Tom?
Are you ready?
Are you really a doctor?
Are you really a nun?
Are you really a princess?
Are you really awake?
Are you really going on the date with Tom?
Are you really going to move to Boston?
Are you really going to wear that?
Are you really interested in that?
Are you really leaving work early today?
Are you really only thirteen?
Are you really sick?
Are you really that stupid?
Are you really the one who donated all that money?
Are you really willing to pay that much?
Are you recording this?
Are you referring to me?
Are you related to Tom?
Are you reliable?
Are you responsible for what happened?
Are you rich?
Are you satisfied with my explanation?
Are you satisfied with the political situation in your country?
Are you satisfied with the result?
Are you satisfied with your daily life?
Are you satisfied with your job?
Are you satisfied, Tom?
Are you saving this seat for someone?
Are you saying Tom is a liar?
Are you saying Tom is a thief?
Are you saying Tom isn't Canadian?
Are you saying Tom isn't from Boston?
Are you saying my life is in danger?
Are you saying that I don't have a brain?
Are you saying that I'm a liar?
Are you saying that Tom can't understand French at all?
Are you saying that this is my fault?
Are you saying that you don't have enough money?
Are you saying that you don't remember?
Are you saying that you give up?
Are you saying that your house is haunted?
Are you saying what I think you're saying?
Are you saying you don't want to be a teacher anymore?
Are you saying you intentionally hide your good looks?
Are you scared of Tom?
Are you scared of me?
Are you seeing anybody?
Are you serious?
Are you seriously suggesting that Tom is from another planet?
Are you seriously thinking about divorce?
Are you seriously thinking about getting a divorce?
Are you seriously thinking about not going?
Are you seriously thinking about quitting your job?
Are you seriously thinking about selling this on eBay?
Are you short?
Are you shy?
Are you sick of me?
Are you sick?
Are you single?
Are you sleeping, Tom?
Are you sleeping?
Are you speaking to me?
Are you spending Valentine's Day with Tom?
Are you spying on me?
Are you staying at this hotel?
Are you staying there for the weekend?
Are you still alive?
Are you still angry with Tom?
Are you still angry with me?
Are you still angry?
Are you still awake?
Are you still friends with them?
Are you still here?
Are you still in Scotland?
Are you still in love with Tom?
Are you still in love with your wife?
Are you still interested in learning how to speak French?
Are you still interested?
Are you still living in Boston?
Are you still living with your mom?
Are you still living with your parents?
Are you still looking for something to do?
Are you still mad at me?
Are you still mad?
Are you still married to Tom?
Are you still married?
Are you still playing golf?
Are you still playing the guitar?
Are you still seeing Tom?
Are you still sleepy?
Are you still there?
Are you still thinking that you'd like the job?
Are you still together?
Are you still up?
Are you still upset?
Are you still working in Boston?
Are you still working with Tom?
Are you students at this school?
Are you students?
Are you studying French?
Are you studying chemistry?
Are you studying?
Are you suggesting it's a design flaw?
Are you suggesting that I am not telling the truth?
Are you suggesting they're not who they say they are?
Are you sure Tom didn't pick Mary up at school?
Are you sure Tom doesn't mind me tagging along?
Are you sure Tom knows what he's doing?
Are you sure Tom was the one who did this?
Are you sure Tom's going to be there?
Are you sure about all this?
Are you sure about that?
Are you sure about the cost of that car?
Are you sure about this, Tom?
Are you sure about this?
Are you sure everything's OK?
Are you sure he can do this?
Are you sure his name is Tom?
Are you sure his name was Tom?
Are you sure it's OK to leave Tom alone with Mary?
Are you sure of it?
Are you sure of that?
Are you sure that Tom is behind this?
Are you sure that man is a doctor?
Are you sure that this isn't true?
Are you sure that you haven't forgotten anything?
Are you sure that you want to do this?
Are you sure that you want to go there?
Are you sure that's how it's supposed to be done?
Are you sure that's necessary?
Are you sure that's what it was?
Are you sure there's no possibility?
Are you sure there's nothing else to eat?
Are you sure there's nothing else we have to do?
Are you sure they can do this?
Are you sure this is Tom's?
Are you sure this is how we get in?
Are you sure this is in Tom's best interest?
Are you sure this is safe?
Are you sure this is the right train?
Are you sure this is what Tom wanted us to buy?
Are you sure this is what you want?
Are you sure this thing is safe?
Are you sure we can't repair this camera?
Are you sure we're allowed to do that?
Are you sure we've never met before?
Are you sure you can afford this?
Are you sure you can do this?
Are you sure you can get Tom to help?
Are you sure you can't stay here?
Are you sure you didn't do anything?
Are you sure you don't know Tom?
Are you sure you don't need my help?
Are you sure you don't want anything to eat?
Are you sure you don't want coffee?
Are you sure you don't want me to buy you something at the supermarket?
Are you sure you don't want me to drive you home?
Are you sure you don't want me to help you out?
Are you sure you don't want me to stay?
Are you sure you don't want some of this?
Are you sure you don't want to ask Tom to help?
Are you sure you don't want to go swimming with us?
Are you sure you don't want to go to the doctor?
Are you sure you don't want to go with us?
Are you sure you don't want to take a break?
Are you sure you don't want to use the toilet before you go?
Are you sure you don't want to wait for Tom?
Are you sure you don't want to wait till tomorrow?
Are you sure you don't want us to go with you?
Are you sure you feel OK?
Are you sure you haven't forgotten anything?
Are you sure you know what you're doing?
Are you sure you pressed the button on the left?
Are you sure you pressed the right button?
Are you sure you really want to know the truth?
Are you sure you remember everything?
Are you sure you want me to help you with your homework?
Are you sure you want to be alone?
Are you sure you want to do it?
Are you sure you want to do that?
Are you sure you want to do this by yourself?
Are you sure you want to do this right now?
Are you sure you want to do this?
Are you sure you want to throw that one away?
Are you sure you won't change your mind?
Are you sure you're OK?
Are you sure you're feeling OK?
Are you sure you're feeling all right?
Are you sure you're not busy?
Are you sure you're not hurt?
Are you sure you're not tired?
Are you sure you're warm enough?
Are you sure you're well enough to go to school?
Are you sure you've never met him?
Are you sure?
Are you surprised that I came?
Are you taking any medicine regularly?
Are you taking the train?
Are you taking your meds?
Are you talking about Tom or yourself?
Are you talking about my friend?
Are you talking to me?
Are you talking to yourself again?
Are you talking to yourself?
Are you tall?
Are you telling me how to do my job?
Are you telling me that you've never had a nightmare?
Are you telling me you don't know how to cook hard-boiled eggs?
Are you ten years old?
Are you texting Tom?
Are you the author of this book?
Are you the boss?
Are you the mayor?
Are you the new assistant?
Are you the new teacher?
Are you the one that asked me to be here?
Are you the one who wrote this?
Are you the only one who has a key to this door?
Are you the owner of this house?
Are you there?
Are you thinking about Tom?
Are you thinking about getting a job?
Are you thinking what we're thinking?
Are you through with the book?
Are you through with the newspaper?
Are you through with the paper?
Are you through with this book?
Are you through with your breakfast?
Are you through with your homework?
Are you through with your work?
Are you tired now?
Are you tired of waiting in line?
Are you tired right now?
Are you tired?
Are you trying to be funny?
Are you trying to grow a beard?
Are you trying to impress me?
Are you trying to insult me?
Are you trying to make a fool of me?
Are you trying to pick a fight?
Are you trying to scare me?
Are you trying to trick me?
Are you two OK?
Are you two busy right now?
Are you two happy?
Are you unhappy?
Are you using the default settings?
Are you vegetarian?
Are you waiting for Tom?
Are you waiting for anybody?
Are you waiting for me to do it?
Are you watching your weight?
Are you wearing makeup?
Are you wearing that dress for the first time?
Are you willing to drive me to the station?
Are you willing to take a cut in pay?
Are you with the police?
Are you working today?
Are you working?
Are you worried about Tom?
Are you writing a letter?
Are you, by any chance, afraid of me?
Are you, by any chance, scared of me?
Are your feet cold?
Are your hands clean?
Are your parents coming to pick you up?
Are your parents home?
Are your parents in now?
Aren't they Americans?
Aren't they Englishmen?
Aren't they wonderful?
Aren't those your parents?
Aren't we forgetting something?
Aren't you Tom?
Aren't you a chemistry student?
Aren't you a priest?
Aren't you afraid?
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
Aren't you busy?
Aren't you cold in short sleeves?
Aren't you cold?
Aren't you coming to the party tomorrow?
Aren't you coming with us, Tom?
Aren't you curious?
Aren't you dressed yet?
Aren't you even a little curious?
Aren't you even curious?
Aren't you even going to ask me where I was?
Aren't you exaggerating a bit?
Aren't you excited?
Aren't you feeling well?
Aren't you glad Tom isn't here?
Aren't you glad you're retired?
Aren't you going to Tom's party?
Aren't you going to bed?
Aren't you going to eat anything?
Aren't you going to finish your dinner?
Aren't you going to finish your supper?
Aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?
Aren't you going to say hello?
Aren't you going to take your coat off?
Aren't you going to thank me?
Aren't you guys coming?
Aren't you guys done yet?
Aren't you guys having any fun?
Aren't you happy?
Aren't you hot?
Aren't you hungry, Tom?
Aren't you hungry?
Aren't you in charge?
Aren't you interested?
Aren't you late?
Aren't you pushing it too far?
Aren't you scared, Tom?
Aren't you scared?
Aren't you supposed to be at work right now?
Aren't you tired?
Arithmetic deals with numbers.
Armenia is a mountainous country.
Armenia joined the World Trade Organization in 2003.
Armstrong was the first man to reach the moon.
Around here, everyone skis.
Around here, they roll up the sidewalks at 7 o'clock.
Around the year 174 AD, his people revolted against Rome.
Art is a serious thing.
Artificial leather can't compare with the real thing.
Artificial light is produced by electricity.
Artists are highly respected in France.
As I entered the bar, I heard a sad song playing on the jukebox.
As I entered the room, they applauded.
As I grew older, my health declined.
As I missed the train, I had to wait for the next one for about an hour.
As I see it, that is the best way.
As I told you earlier, I can't help you.
As I was having lunch, the phone rang.
As Tom and Mary spent time together, they began to get to know each other better.
As Tom sat down, he bumped the table and his coffee spilled onto the tablecloth.
As Tom tried to tell you, you're not allowed in here.
As a boy, I always used to get up early.
As a last resort, read the instructions.
As a matter of fact, he knows very little of the matter.
As a matter of fact, you are absolutely right.
As a prank, some students let three goats loose inside their school after painting the numbers 1, 2 and 4 on the sides of the goats. The teachers spent most of the day looking for goat number 3.
As a result of always being hungry and fatigued, that dog finally died.
As a result of the blow, he became insane.
As a result of the collision, one of the passengers was thrown out.
As a result of the war, many people died.
As a rule of thumb, you should plan on one pound of beef for every two guests.
As a rule, I don't drink coffee.
As a rule, I go to school before eight o'clock.
As a rule, I prefer people who deal with matters of this kind directly with those involved.
As a rule, he arrives at the office at about nine-thirty in the morning.
As a rule, twins have a lot in common.
As a rule, we have a lot of rain in fall.
As a vegetarian, she doesn't eat meat.
As a young man, he did not know that he was to become famous later on.
As cultural exchange continued between the two countries, their mutual understanding became even deeper.
As everyone knows, he is a genius.
As expected, the price of imported goods rose.
As far as I am concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as I am concerned, I have no objection.
As far as I could see, everything was covered with snow.
As far as I know, I'm in perfect health.
As far as I know, Tom is happy.
As far as I know, Tom is retired.
As far as I know, Tom is still married.
As far as I know, he did nothing wrong.
As far as I know, he has never made such a mistake.
As far as I know, he is a reliable friend.
As far as I know, he is a very kind man.
As far as I know, he is an honest man.
As far as I know, he is honest and reliable.
As far as I know, he is one of the best doctors in town.
As far as I know, he is reliable.
As far as I know, he is the shortest student in this school.
As far as I know, he isn't lazy.
As far as I know, he's a nice guy.
As far as I know, he's guilty.
As far as I know, no one has ever done it.
As far as I know, no one here has seen Tom today.
As far as I know, she hasn't left yet.
As far as I know, she is a kind girl.
As far as I know, she is still missing.
As far as I know, such a function doesn't exist.
As far as I know, the book has never been translated into Japanese.
As far as I know, there are no good books on the theory.
As far as I know, there is no such function.
As far as I know, there is no such word.
As far as I know, they always keep their word.
As far as I know, they are still together.
As far as I know, this is the only translation available.
As far as I remember, he didn't say that.
As far as I'm concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as he was concerned, things were going well.
As far as politics is concerned, he's still as innocent as a child.
As far as the eye could reach, there was no sign of life.
As far as the eye could see, nothing could be seen except cornfields.
As far as the eye could see, there was nothing but sand.
As far as this matter is concerned, I am satisfied.
As for me, I am satisfied.
As for me, I don't like eggs.
As for me, I have no objection.
As for me, I have nothing to complain of.
As for me, I like chicken better than pork.
As for myself, Saturday will be convenient.
As he entered the hall, two men approached him.
As he entered the house, two things caught his eye.
As he gets older, he's getting more and more stubborn.
As he grew older, he became more obstinate.
As he sat next to his dying mother in the nursing home, Tom regretted not having been a better son to her.
As he talked, he got more and more excited.
As heavy as you are, the ice will break.
As his lips got bluer, I nervously waited for the ambulance.
As humans age, their physical strength declines.
As is often the case with Americans, he does not care for raw fish.
As is often the case with her, she didn't show up on time.
As is often the case with him, he left his textbook at home.
As is often the case with him, he was late again.
As is often the case, he eats while reading a newspaper.
As is usual with him, he arrived a quarter of an hour late.
As it is, I can do nothing.
As it is, prices are going up every week.
As long as it doesn't get cold, it's okay.
As long as it's not too much of a bother, people like to be nice to other people.
As long as there's life, there is hope.
As long as we live, we have to work.
As long as you are thinking about the pros and cons of a relationship, I don't think you can call it love.
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay here.
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay in this room.
As long as you're here, I'll stay.
As our fingers touched, I felt a shiver run through me.
As she was leaving me, she said that she would never forget me.
As singers go, she is among the best in the country.
As soon as I arrived at the destination, I called him.
As soon as I can afford to buy a house, I will.
As soon as I can figure out how to send money, I'll send you some.
As soon as I can get a decent video camera, I'll start making videos to put online.
As soon as I can get my son to scan our family photos, I'll upload some of them to our website.
As soon as I find it, I'll bring it over to your place.
As soon as I finish writing the report, I'll send it to you.
As soon as I get paid, I'll pay you back.
As soon as I get to Hokkaido, I'll drop you a line.
As soon as I let go of the leash, the dog ran away.
As soon as I sat down, I fell asleep.
As soon as Tom finished eating, he left for work.
As soon as Tom finished work, he went home.
As soon as Tom heard the gunshots, he ran out of the house.
As soon as Tom heard the phone, he answered it.
As soon as Tom walked out the door, Mary began to cry.
As soon as he arrived at the airport, he phoned his office.
As soon as he arrives, I'll tell him.
As soon as he comes back, let me know.
As soon as he finished his work, he went home.
As soon as he left, the bank closed.
As soon as he returns, I will tell you.
As soon as he sat down, he picked up the telephone.
As soon as he saw a policeman, he ran away.
As soon as he saw me, he ran away.
As soon as he saw the policeman, he ran away.
As soon as he took the medicine, his fever went down.
As soon as he was left alone, he opened the letter.
As soon as he went out, it began to rain.
As soon as he went to bed, he fell asleep.
As soon as it gets dark, the fireworks will start.
As soon as she comes, we will begin.
As soon as she got her salary, she spent it all.
As soon as she heard the bell ring, she answered the telephone.
As soon as she is ready, give me a call.
As soon as she met him, she burst into tears.
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.
As soon as she saw me, she greeted me with a smile.
As soon as she saw me, she started to cry.
As soon as the bell rang the teacher came into the classroom.
As soon as the dog saw me, it began to bark.
As soon as the game started, it began to rain.
As soon as the rain stopped, the tennis match continued.
As soon as the ship began to move, he got seasick.
As soon as they return, I will telephone you.
As soon as we sat down, she brought us coffee.
As soon as work is over, he makes a beeline for the pub.
As soon as you get the wall painted, you can go home.
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
As strange as it may sound, what Tom said is true.
As the crow flies, it's about 20 miles from here.
As the day got cooler, I had to put on a sweater.
As the sun rises, the morning mist gradually fades away.
As time passes, wisdom increases.
As time went on, our hopes sank.
As to your final grade, that depends on your final examination.
As usual, Tom was late.
As usual, the physics teacher was late for class.
As was expected, Tom won the race.
As was expected, he won the prize.
As we age, our ability to remember gets worse.
As we grow older, our memory becomes weaker.
As winter approaches, the days get shorter and shorter.
As you already know, I don't speak French very well, so I'd rather not give a speech in French.
As you can see, I haven't done any cleaning in the house for some time.
As you know, I've lost my job, so I'm having trouble making ends meet.
As you know, I've lost my job, so I'm having trouble paying all my bills.
As you like.
As you make your bed, so you must lie in it.
Asia is much larger than Australia.
Asians eat a lot of rice.
Aside from Tom, I don't know anyone there.
Aside from that, is there anything else you want?
Ask Tom again.
Ask Tom if he can speak French.
Ask Tom if he's willing to work part-time.
Ask Tom if you don't believe me.
Ask Tom not to wait for me.
Ask Tom to apologize to Mary.
Ask Tom to bring Mary tomorrow.
Ask Tom to bring his guitar.
Ask Tom to call me. He has my number.
Ask Tom to help you.
Ask Tom to wait till I come.
Ask Tom what he needs the rope for.
Ask Tom where Mary is.
Ask Tom where he is.
Ask Tom yourself.
Ask Tom.
Ask a silly question and you'll get a silly answer.
Ask an expert.
Ask at the police box over there.
Ask her her name.
Ask her if she'll sew up the hole in your jeans.
Ask her what her name is.
Ask her what she bought.
Ask her what she has done.
Ask her when she will come back.
Ask him about it.
Ask him his name.
Ask him if he can speak Japanese.
Ask him to attend the meeting.
Ask him when the next plane leaves.
Ask him when the next plane will be.
Ask him where he parked his car.
Ask him whether they still live in Tokyo.
Ask me again in October.
Ask me anything you want.
Ask me anything!
Ask me if I care.
Ask me something easier.
Ask me tomorrow.
Ask only questions that can be answered with yes or no.
Ask the policeman.
Ask the waitress for the menu.
Ask them.
Ask your dad to help you.
Ask your question.
Asking a woman how old she is is not a good idea.
Aspirin can provide quick relief for a headache.
Assuming your story is true, what should I do?
Astronauts wear spacesuits.
Astronomy deals with the stars and planets.
Astronomy is an expensive hobby.
At Christmas he went out of his way to buy me a really nice model plane.
At a moment when our economy is growing, our businesses are creating jobs at the fastest pace since the 1990s, and wages are starting to rise again, we have to make some choices about the kind of country we want to be.
At a young age, I had to learn to fend for myself.
At about the same time, Tom was in his room studying.
At any rate, I will do my best.
At any rate, the program was a success.
At any rate, we can't change the schedule.
At dinner time, don't speak with your mouth full.
At first I didn't like him, but I do now.
At first I tried to write everything down in my notebook.
At first he didn't know how to do his new job.
At first he had trouble adjusting to living in his new house.
At first he had trouble getting used to his new house.
At first sight, it seemed larger to me.
At first, I didn't believe Tom.
At first, I didn't know what to do.
At first, I didn't like him.
At first, I mistook you for your brother.
At first, I thought I was sick.
At first, I thought Tom was joking.
At first, I thought he was sick.
At first, I thought he was your brother.
At first, I thought it was a stupid idea, but I eventually realized what a good idea it was.
At first, I thought she was sick.
At first, Tom thought French was difficult, but now he thinks it's easy.
At first, everything proceeded according to plan.
At first, everything seemed difficult.
At first, the idea seemed absurd.
At first, they didn't believe him.
At five o'clock, there's always a rush.
At forty, he does not get as angry as he used to.
At home, we only speak French.
At home, we speak only French.
At last he attained his goal.
At last he reached his goal.
At last she got a job as a stewardess.
At last, I completed my work.
At last, I managed to find him.
At last, he became aware of his own mistakes.
At last, her dream to be a doctor came true.
At last, my turn came.
At last, my wish has come true.
At last, she hit on a good idea.
At last, she solved the problem.
At last, spring has come to this part of Japan.
At last, the baby fell asleep.
At last, the day has arrived for us to act.
At last, the rain stopped.
At last, the truth was revealed to us.
At last, they came to a decision.
At last, they reached the top of the mountain.
At last, they were reconciled.
At last, we arrived at the village.
At last, we got rid of him.
At last, we got to the lake.
At last, we reached California.
At last, we reached England.
At last, we reached our destination.
At last, we were home!
At last, you've hit the nail on the head!
At least 100 people attended.
At least I did something.
At least I have somewhere to sleep.
At least I tried to do something.
At least I wasn't alone.
At least I'm older than you.
At least give me a chance.
At least he shook your hand. He didn't even look at me.
At least thirty students were absent.
At least try and be careful.
At least try to come on time.
At least we had fun.
At least we're still in one piece.
At least you'll have something to write home about.
At most, it'll cost ten pesos.
At one time, I used to go jogging every morning.
At one time, there was a bridge here.
At present, the cause of the disease is unknown.
At school he was always at the top of his class.
At school, Tom ignored me and pretended that he didn't know me.
At seven-thirty, we too closed the door behind us.
At seventy, my father is still very active.
At that time, I was in Canada.
At that time, Tom was sitting between Mary and John.
At that time, she was a student at Yale.
At that time, the whole world was hungry.
At that time, we were quite rich.
At that time, we were young and strong.
At the Battle of Verdun, French forces stopped a German attack.
At the North Pole, there are no penguins.
At the age of six, I was taken to a circus for the first time.
At the best hotels, there is always someone at your beck and call.
At the end of a working day, everybody is in a hurry to get home.
At the end of the class, the teacher said, "That's enough for today."
At the end of the day, the right decision was made.
At the end of the party, only two guests remained.
At the first hint of trouble, Tom disappeared.
At the meeting, we came up with a lot of new ideas.
At the moment, there isn't anyone in the office.
At the most, the trip will cost $1,000.
At the party, one of his political opponents humiliated him in the presence of many guests.
At the present time, he's in Boston.
At the sound of my voice, my dog pricked up his ears.
At the time of the accident, almost all of the passengers on the bus were sleeping.
At the time, the incident did not seem important.
At the time, we were just fifteen years old.
At the top, there was a clump of trees.
At these prices, you won't get many students in here.
At this hour, there is incredible traffic.
At this rate, the risk is high that our country's competitive position will drop even further.
At this rate, we won't be able to buy a house.
At this rate, we'll have to change the schedule.
At times, it snows even in April around here.
At what hour was she born?
At what rate did the illness spread?
At what time does it close?
At which university are you studying?
At your age, you ought to know better.
Atlantic City is famous for its boardwalk.
Atlantis is real.
Atlantis sank into the sea.
Atlantis was destroyed.
Atoms are in everything.
Atoms cannot be seen with your own eye.
Atsushi may have been sick.
Attack is the best form of defense.
Attend to your own business.
Attendance is compulsory for all members.
Attention please!
Auckland is a city in New Zealand.
Auguste Comte is regarded as the father of sociology.
Aunty Kelly treated us to ice cream today.
Australia exports a lot of wool.
Australia is a beautiful country.
Australia is abundant in minerals.
Australia is rich in natural resources.
Australia is smaller than South America.
Austria had allies, too.
Austria is one of the largest producers of electricity in Europe.
Automobiles are made in factories.
Autumn came and the leaves started to fall.
Autumn changed into winter.
Autumn is here.
Autumn is my favorite season.
Autumn is the best season for going on hikes.
Avocados are rich in vitamin E.
Avoid bad company.
Avoid fried foods for a while.
Aw, how can you say that?
Babies can become dehydrated from a high fever, so I was told that it would be better to send him to the hospital.
Babies cry when they are hungry.
Babies don't stay babies forever.
Babies often fall down.
Baby animals are cute.
Baby ducks are cute.
Bach and Handel were contemporaries.
Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.
Back off.
Bacteria are everywhere.
Bacteria are invisible to the naked eye.
Bacteria are microscopic organisms.
Bad books will do you harm.
Bad drivers should have their licenses taken away from them.
Bad habits are not easily broken.
Bad habits die hard.
Bad news travels fast.
Bad news travels quickly.
Bad people aren't born bad.
Bad weather prevented us from departing.
Bad weather prevented us from leaving.
Badgers dig deep holes.
Bagpipes produce a very strange sound.
Baking a cake takes more time than frying an egg.
Balls are round.
Bananas are delicious.
Bananas are yellow.
Bangkok is Thailand's capital city.
Bangkok is the capital of Thailand.
Banks closed their doors.
Banks open at nine o'clock.
Barack Obama is a Christian.
Barack Obama is the President of the United States.
Barack Obama's mother, Ann Dunham, was an anthropologist.
Barbecuing is one way to cook meat.
Barcelona is in Spain.
Barcelona is the capital of Catalonia, and is the second biggest city in Spain.
Barcodes have made getting through the checkout much faster.
Barely a third of the population in this country have access to the Internet.
Barking dogs don't always bite.
Barking dogs never bite.
Barley and wheat grow in the fields around the village.
Bartender, I'd like to have a drink.
Base jumping is an extreme sport.
Baseball is an interesting sport.
Baseball is different from cricket.
Basho was the greatest poet.
Basically, I agree with your opinion.
Basically, I am a honest person.
Basically, it is the same thing.
Basketball is a lot of fun.
Be a good boy.
Be a good girl.
Be a little more careful next time.
Be a man.
Be at the station at 11 o'clock sharp.
Be at the station at eleven on the dot.
Be attentive.
Be back before it gets dark.
Be brave.
Be brief.
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.
Be careful crossing the street.
Be careful going down.
Be careful in there.
Be careful not to burn yourself.
Be careful not to catch a cold.
Be careful not to drink too much.
Be careful not to drive on the wrong side of the road.
Be careful not to drive the wrong way on a one-way street.
Be careful not to fail.
Be careful not to fall overboard.
Be careful not to fall.
Be careful not to hurt Tom's feelings.
Be careful not to hurt yourself.
Be careful not to make any mistakes.
Be careful not to overcook the carrots.
Be careful not to say something stupid.
Be careful not to scratch the furniture.
Be careful not to step on the dog's tail.
Be careful not to trip and fall.
Be careful of what you say, for he's easily annoyed.
Be careful on your way back home.
Be careful that the thread doesn't break.
Be careful that you don't get lost.
Be careful up there.
Be careful what you do.
Be careful what you say and how you say it.
Be careful what you say.
Be careful what you wish for. It just might come true.
Be careful where you step.
Be careful where you stick the pin.
Be careful with him. He's a Don Juan.
Be careful with what you drink.
Be careful! The floor is wet.
Be careful.
Be careful. Don't drop the tray.
Be careful. Don't throw away those papers.
Be careful. I don't want you to hurt yourself.
Be careful. It's a fierce bull.
Be careful. It's very inflammable.
Be careful. It's very spicy.
Be careful. The soup's very hot.
Be careful. There's a hole in the floor.
Be cool.
Be creative.
Be discreet.
Be fair.
Be frank with me!
Be gentle, but firm.
Be kind to old people.
Be kind to others.
Be kind to the old.
Be kind to those around you.
Be like me and have a glass of wine.
Be more careful from now on.
Be more flexible.
Be nice to her.
Be nice to others.
Be nice to the children.
Be nice to your mom.
Be nice.
Be nicer to your brother.
Be objective.
Be on your guard against him.
Be on your guard against pickpockets.
Be patient with Tom.
Be polite to everyone.
Be polite to your parents.
Be polite, but firm.
Be prepared for the worst.
Be proud of yourself.
Be quick, or you will miss the train.
Be quiet and listen to me.
Be quiet and listen.
Be quiet during the lesson.
Be quiet for a moment.
Be quiet for a second.
Be quiet so I can get some sleep.
Be quiet while I am speaking.
Be quiet while I'm speaking.
Be quiet while we're eating.
Be quiet, all of you.
Be quiet, or the baby will wake up.
Be quiet. Don't talk in the theater.
Be quiet. If you aren't quiet, you'll be thrown out.
Be realistic!
Be reasonable.
Be sensible.
Be serious.
Be sure and call me tonight.
Be sure to bring rain gear.
Be sure to call me up tomorrow morning.
Be sure to get in touch with me, if there is anything I can do for you.
Be sure to get this finished by the time I come back.
Be sure to lock the door before you go to bed.
Be sure to pick up some milk.
Be sure to put out the fire before you leave.
Be sure to telephone by Friday, OK?
Be sure to turn out the light when you go out.
Be tolerant.
Be very careful with that blue box.
Be yourself.
Bears can climb trees.
Beat it.
Beat the eggs with a whisk.
Beat the eggs.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Beauty is only skin deep.
Beauty such as hers is rare.
Because I didn't know what to do, I asked him for advice.
Because I live near the school, I come home for lunch.
Because he was tired, he went to bed early.
Because he was wealthy, he was able to go there.
Because he's sick, he can't come.
Because her parents got divorced, the girl had hardly any contact with her father.
Because it rained, I didn't go.
Because it started raining hard, we played indoors.
Because it was very cold yesterday, I stayed home.
Because my mother is sick, my father will cook today.
Because my mother was ill, I could not go there.
Because of Tom, Mary has become depressed.
Because of fighting in the region, the oil supply was temporarily cut off.
Because of his advice, I was able to succeed.
Because of his age, my grandfather doesn't hear well.
Because of his great professional skill, the lawyer has a large number of clients.
Because of some technical problem, a movie was shown in place of the announced program.
Because of the bad weather, he couldn't come.
Because of the bad weather, the plane was delayed three hours.
Because of the bad weather, the plane's departure was delayed by two hours.
Because of the heavy fog, we could barely see the road in front of us.
Because of the heavy snow, the train was 10 minutes late.
Because of the icy streets, we could not drive the car.
Because of the rain, we weren't able to play tennis outside.
Because of the snow, I couldn't see anything.
Because of the snow, the train didn't run.
Because of the storm, the ship couldn't leave port.
Because of the storm, we had no choice but to stay at home.
Because of the typhoon, my parents ended their trip one day early.
Because of the typhoon, the school was closed.
Because of the water shortage, I couldn't take a bath.
Because of you, I'm having problems with my blood pressure.
Because our kids got married, we are now in-laws.
Because the voices of protest grew louder and louder, his speech couldn't be heard.
Because you're a minor, you can't enter.
Bee stings can be very painful.
Beef is expensive nowadays.
Beef, please.
Beer bottles are made of glass.
Beer contains hops.
Beer is brewed from malt.
Beer is taxed according to its malt content, so low-malt beer is cheaper.
Beer's good.
Bees fly from flower to flower.
Bees make honey.
Beethoven was a great composer.
Beethoven was a great musician.
Beethoven wrote nine symphonies.
Before I could protest, I was handcuffed and was on my way to prison.
Before I get out of bed, I spend a little time thinking about what I'll be doing the rest of the day.
Before I went to bed, I set the alarm clock for seven.
Before WWII, the border between Finland and the USSR was near Leningrad.
Before buying shoes, you should try them on.
Before deciding to buy it, I tried on the jacket to see if it would fit.
Before deciding, I would like to consult with my family.
Before going to study in Paris, I have to brush up on my French.
Before going to work in Paris, I have to brush up on my French.
Before he died, he was almost blind.
Before it gets out in the media, I'd like to announce to all my fans that I'm pregnant.
Before leaving, his men set fire to the city.
Before long, the ghost disappeared into a thick fog.
Before long, the moon came out.
Before the crash, Tom had been hoping to become a professional tennis player.
Before you can love others, you need to be able to love yourself.
Before you go to visit him, you should make sure he's at home.
Before you leave home, make sure your pets have enough food.
Begging is prohibited by law.
Beginners should learn spoken English first.
Beginning next week, we'll be using a new textbook.
Behave yourself during my absence.
Behave yourself while I'm gone.
Behave yourself.
Behind every great man there's a great woman.
Beijing is bigger than Rome.
Beijing is changing so rapidly.
Beijing is the capital of China.
Being 25 letters long, 'anticonstitutionnellement' is the longest word in French.
Being a prince is not easy.
Being a prince is not that easy.
Being angry, he loudly rattled the locked door.
Being deeply thankful, he tried to express his thanks.
Being free, she went out for a walk.
Being ill, I stayed at home all day long.
Being in good shape takes effort.
Being on time for appointments is very important.
Being overly generous is his greatest fault.
Being rejected is painful.
Being tired, she went to bed early.
Being together all the time, my Japanese classmates got to know each other very well.
Being very tired, I soon fell asleep.
Being very tired, I went to bed early.
Being with him always makes me happy.
Belgium is not as big as France.
Belgium is not as large as France.
Belgrade has about 2 million inhabitants.
Believe in yourself.
Believe it or not, I can actually draw.
Believe it or not, Tom is 70 years old.
Believe me, I don't want to die.
Believe none of what you hear and only half of what you see.
Believe what you want.
Believe whatever you wish.
Bell invented the telephone.
Bell used to live in London, didn't he?
Bend down. The ceiling is very low.
Benjamin Franklin was an American politician and inventor.
Benjamin Franklin was an American statesman and inventor.
Bergen is the second largest city in Norway.
Berlin is the capital of Germany.
Berlin is the largest city in Germany.
Bern is the capital of Switzerland.
Berries are high in minerals such as potassium.
Besides French, he can obviously speak English.
Besides being a great statesman, Sir Winston Churchill was a great writer.
Besides fruit, we're going to have ice cream.
Besides lending books, libraries offer various other services.
Best wishes from all of us.
Better him than me.
Better late than never.
Better luck next time.
Better safe than sorry.
Better the devil you know than the devil you don't.
Better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt.
Between you and me, I think our boss is stupid.
Between you and me, Tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
Between you and me, what is your opinion of her?
Beware of imitations.
Beware of pickpockets.
Beware of the dog!
Biddle was an extremely intelligent man.
Big people aren't always strong.
Bigger doesn't always mean better.
Bike helmets can protect riders from serious head injuries.
Bilingual dictionaries are allowed.
Binge drinking is harmful for your health.
Birch trees have white bark.
Bird watching is a nice hobby.
Birds are flying above the trees.
Birds are natural enemies of insects.
Birds are singing in the trees.
Birds build nests.
Birds can fly thousands of miles away and return to the same place every year.
Birds evolved from dinosaurs.
Birds fly long distances.
Birds fly.
Birds have sharp eyes.
Birds lay eggs.
Birds learn to fly by instinct.
Birds make their nests in trees.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Birds sing early in the morning.
Birds sing.
Birds sometimes cause accidents by getting in the way of airplanes.
Birds usually wake up early in the morning.
Birds were chirping in the tree.
Birds were singing in the woods.
Birthdays are important.
Bite your tongue.
Black Americans continued to suffer from racism.
Black and white photos have a special charm.
Black cats are bad luck.
Black cloth absorbs light.
Black clouds announced the coming thunderstorm.
Black coats are in fashion this winter.
Black is a very common color for shoes.
Black is depressing.
Black smoke came out of the chimney.
Black smoke was pouring out the windows.
Black suits you.
Blackboards are not always black.
Blend the blue paint with the yellow paint.
Blenders are nice for people who really like smoothies.
Bless you.
Blind people read by touching, using a system of raised dots called Braille.
Blondes earn 7% more than women with any other hair color.
Blood poured from the cut vein.
Blow out the candles.
Blow the horn so that car will let us pass.
Blue looks good on you.
Bluefin tuna can live up to 40 years.
Boats can sink.
Boil my eggs hard, please.
Boil one egg.
Boil the milk bottles.
Boil the soup down until it becomes thick.
Boil those potatoes.
Bok choy is a vegetable used in Chinese cooking.
Bonds were issued to finance a war.
Bongos are smaller than congas.
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.
Books are my best friends.
Books are to the mind what food is to the body.
Boredom, routine, and lack of curiosity are the greatest enemies of our brain.
Boston has grown rapidly in the last ten years.
Boston has many beautiful parks.
Boston is a wonderful city.
Boston is changing.
Boston is more beautiful than what I had imagined.
Boston is my home now.
Boston is one of my favorite cities.
Boston is overrated.
Boston is the only place where I've ever felt at home.
Boston is where it all began.
Both Tom and John wanted to take Mary to the dance.
Both Tom and Mary are busy right now.
Both Tom and Mary are my friends.
Both Tom and Mary blushed.
Both Tom and Mary have Boston addresses, even though they don't live there now.
Both Tom and Mary study French.
Both Tom and Mary thanked John.
Both Tom and Mary were impressed.
Both Tom and Mary were surprised.
Both Tom and Mary work as models.
Both are alive.
Both boys and girls should take cooking class in school.
Both brothers are musicians.
Both brothers are still alive.
Both brothers were there.
Both buildings burned down.
Both children were punished.
Both claims are false.
Both countries are now at peace.
Both countries entered into peace negotiations.
Both drinking and smoking are bad for your health.
Both girls coughed at the same time.
Both girls have blue eyes.
Both girls laughed.
Both girls plan to go to college.
Both he and I are members of that club.
Both her parents are dead.
Both his father and mother are dead.
Both his grandfathers are dead.
Both his parents are dead.
Both men were killed.
Both my father and I went to the museum for the first time.
Both my father and my brother are fond of gambling.
Both my father and my brother like gambling.
Both my grandfather and grandmother are dead.
Both my parents are at home now.
Both of Tom's sons died in the war.
Both of her sons died during the war.
Both of his parents are well.
Both of my brothers are married.
Both of my parents are dead.
Both of my parents are not strict with me.
Both of my parents are still living.
Both of my parents can speak French.
Both of my parents do not play golf.
Both of my parents have passed away.
Both of my sisters are married.
Both of the children won a prize.
Both of the girls are wearing white suits.
Both of the students passed all their tests.
Both of them are busy.
Both of them are very brilliant.
Both of them are very cute.
Both of them arrived at the same moment.
Both of them seem suspicious.
Both of them started laughing.
Both of them were not present at the meeting.
Both of us are from Australia.
Both of us are from Tampa.
Both of us began to smile almost at the same time.
Both of us can speak French.
Both of you are right.
Both of you be quiet.
Both of your daughters are very beautiful.
Both roads lead to the station.
Both sisters are blondes.
Both sisters are very beautiful.
Both spellings are correct.
Both stories are true.
Both teams are well matched. The game will be an interesting one.
Both the boy and the girl are clever.
Both those students passed all the tests.
Both were extremely rich.
Both you and I are students.
Bourbon is made from corn.
Boxers need quick reflexes.
Boys are more likely than girls to drop out of school.
Boys are not welcome.
Boys are really stupid sometimes.
Boys are strange sometimes.
Boys are stupid.
Boys don't like girls who talk too much.
Boys tend to look down on their sisters.
Boys tend to look down on their younger sisters.
Boys, as a rule, are taller than girls.
Brace yourself.
Brad Pitt is an actor.
Brazil has almost 200 million inhabitants.
Brazil is a big country.
Brazil is a huge country.
Bread and butter is their usual breakfast.
Bread and milk are good foods.
Bread is baked in an oven.
Bread is made from flour.
Break this glass in case of fire.
Breakfast is at half past nine.
Breakfast is ready.
Breakfast is served at seven a.m.
Breakfast is served.
Breast cancer is a disease.
Breathe in deeply.
Bricks can't be made without straw.
Brigham Young continued to lead the Mormon church.
Bring Tom here immediately.
Bring all your friends next time.
Bring along your friend.
Bring an umbrella because it is expected to rain this afternoon.
Bring him in.
Bring him to me.
Bring it back to me.
Bring it back when you're done.
Bring it here.
Bring it to me.
Bring me a bucket of water.
Bring me a clean plate and take the dirty one away.
Bring me a dry towel.
Bring me a glass of water.
Bring me a moist towel.
Bring me a piece of chalk.
Bring me a sheet of paper, please.
Bring me my clothes.
Bring me my glasses.
Bring me my shoes.
Bring me some cold water.
Bring me some food from the kitchen.
Bring me something to eat.
Bring me the dictionary.
Bring me the magazines.
Bring me the newspaper, please.
Bring me the newspaper.
Bring me today's paper, please.
Bring me today's paper.
Bring me two pieces of chalk.
Bring that here.
Bring the bill, please.
Bring the book to me, not to Tom.
Bring the frozen fish here.
Bring the key.
Bring the laundry in.
Bring the rest of your luggage with you.
Bring the water to a boil.
Bring wine.
Bring your brother with you.
Bring your children along.
Bring your children with you.
Bring your computer.
Bring your kids, too.
Bring your sister next time.
Bring your student ID!
Bring your student ID.
Bring your swimsuit.
British English differs from American English in many ways.
British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain was forced to resign.
British and Japanese cars have steering wheels on the right side.
Broccoli is one of the healthiest vegetables.
Brothers should not quarrel.
Brown is not her natural hair color.
Brush your teeth after each meal.
Brush your teeth after eating.
Brush your teeth after every meal.
Brush your teeth after meals.
Brush your teeth before going to bed.
Brush your teeth every day.
Brush your teeth well.
Brush your teeth.
Brussels is the capital of Belgium.
Brutus stabs Caesar, and Caesar falls.
Bucharest has a population of 2.1 million.
Buckle the child's belt.
Buddhism had its beginnings in India.
Buddhism was introduced into Japan in 538.
Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina.
Building materials are expensive now.
Bulgarian is like Russian.
Bunk beds are a way to save space.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
Buses are running at 20 minute intervals.
Buses in the country don't usually come on time.
Buses run every ten minutes.
Business failures are down 10% this year.
Business is business.
Business is improving.
Business is looking up.
Business is slow.
Business people exchange cards at the beginning or end of a meeting.
Businessmen could not pay back money they owed the banks.
But I wasn't afraid.
But how does this story end?
But it lets us get into the church.
But that's impossible, professor.
But we don't have anything in common at all.
But what will you do if he doesn't come?
But why is it all so secret?
Butter and cheese are made from milk.
Butter is made from cream.
Butter is made from milk.
Butter is sold by the pound.
Buy a book and read it.
Buy it for me, please.
Buy one, get one free.
Buy six meters of that cloth.
Buy some tofu on your way home.
Buy the dress you want.
Buy the full version.
Buy whatever you need.
Buying a new TV won't make you happy.
By chance, I met her in the street.
By chance, I met my professor at a restaurant last night.
By evening, a few clouds had formed.
By hard work we can achieve anything.
By investing wisely, she accumulated a fortune.
By postponing what you have to do, you run the risk of never being able to do it.
By seven o'clock in the evening, the streets are deserted in this town.
By signing a contract, you agree to certain terms and conditions.
By the time I arrived, he had already left.
By the time Tom got to the bus stop, the bus he was planning to take had already left.
By the time Tom got to the shop it was shut.
By the time Tom realized what was going on, the police had already arrested Mary.
By the time our long conversation was over, Mother was tired of standing.
By the time we got there, he had left.
By the time we got there, the ship had left.
By the time we reached home, the sun had completely set.
By the time you come back, I'll be gone.
By the time you get back, I'll be gone.
By the time you get home, all the cherry blossoms will have fallen.
By the time you get out of jail, she'll probably have gotten married.
By the time you get out of prison, she'll be married.
By the time you land at Narita, it will be dark.
By the way, I have something to tell you.
By the way, did you find the umbrella you said you'd lost the other day?
By the way, do you know a good restaurant around here?
By the way, have you done your homework?
By the way, have you heard from her since then?
By the way, have you heard from him lately?
By the way, have you seen him lately?
By the way, how old are you?
By the way, my English is absolutely hopeless.
By the way, what do you do?
By the way, what's your address?
By the way, where are you from?
By the way, where do you live?
By the way, where does he live?
By the year 2020, the population of our city will have doubled.
By the year 2020, the population of this city will have doubled.
COâ‚‚ has a lot to do with the so-called greenhouse effect.
Caffeine is a drug.
Caffeine is addictive.
California is about as large as Japan.
California is famous for its fruit.
California was the 31st state admitted to the United States.
Call 110 immediately.
Call 110 right now.
Call Tom and ask him to come back.
Call Tom and tell him I can't meet him this afternoon.
Call Tom and tell him to come here.
Call Tom's bluff.
Call Tom.
Call a policeman.
Call an ambulance.
Call her tomorrow.
Call home!
Call it whatever you want.
Call me again in two days.
Call me at nine tomorrow morning.
Call me at six-thirty, please.
Call me at the office tomorrow morning.
Call me at the office.
Call me at this number.
Call me if there's a change.
Call me if you find Tom.
Call me if you find something.
Call me if you need anything.
Call me if you need assistance.
Call me if you need help.
Call me if you need my assistance.
Call me if you need my help.
Call me immediately after you meet him.
Call me later.
Call me once you've arrived.
Call me this evening.
Call me tomorrow afternoon.
Call me tomorrow.
Call me up whenever you need my help.
Call me when it's done.
Call me when you're ready.
Call me whenever you want.
Call me.
Call security!
Call the FBI.
Call the doctor right away.
Call the police and tell them what you told me.
Call the police!
Call them this evening.
Call up Tom right away.
Call your brother.
Call your next witness.
Call your sisters.
Calm down and begin at the beginning.
Calm down!
Calm down, son.
Calm down.
Camels are often used to travel in the desert.
Camels have either one or two humps.
Camels have three eyelids.
Can I ask a question?
Can I ask what you're doing here?
Can I ask why not?
Can I ask why this is so important to you?
Can I ask why?
Can I ask you a favor?
Can I ask you a personal question?
Can I ask you guys something?
Can I ask you some questions?
Can I ask you something very personal?
Can I be excused?
Can I be honest with you?
Can I book two seats on that flight?
Can I borrow $30?
Can I borrow a pen? Mine's on its last legs.
Can I borrow one of your sweaters?
Can I borrow this?
Can I borrow those?
Can I borrow your brush?
Can I borrow your car tonight?
Can I borrow your car?
Can I borrow your computer?
Can I borrow your eraser for a moment?
Can I borrow your hair drier?
Can I borrow your headphones?
Can I borrow your pencil?
Can I borrow your scissors?
Can I borrow your tennis racket today?
Can I bring Tom?
Can I bring you anything else?
Can I buy a ticket for the concert here?
Can I call you Tom?
Can I call you back in twenty minutes?
Can I cancel this ticket?
Can I catch a taxi here?
Can I catch a taxi near here?
Can I change the channel?
Can I check in here?
Can I come over?
Can I come to your office tomorrow?
Can I count on you to do that?
Can I count on your help?
Can I dance here?
Can I do anything for you?
Can I do it again?
Can I drive the tractor?
Can I eat in my room?
Can I eat this bread?
Can I eat this orange?
Can I eat?
Can I exchange this with something else?
Can I extend my stay?
Can I get a blanket?
Can I get a connecting flight to Osaka?
Can I get a dog?
Can I get a goodnight kiss?
Can I get a lift back to the city with you?
Can I get a little assistance here?
Can I get a little help, please?
Can I get a pillow?
Can I get some clean towels?
Can I get something to eat?
Can I get you a beer or something?
Can I get you a drink?
Can I get your help with something?
Can I give you a hug?
Can I give you a piece of advice?
Can I give you some friendly advice?
Can I go buy some ice cream?
Can I go first?
Can I go home now?
Can I go now?
Can I go out to play?
Can I go over to Tom's house to play?
Can I go surfing?
Can I go to bed now?
Can I go to work?
Can I go with you?
Can I have a beer, please?
Can I have a bit more milk?
Can I have a bite?
Can I have a cup of coffee first?
Can I have a glass of water, please?
Can I have a moment?
Can I have a paper bag?
Can I have a receipt, please?
Can I have a word with you in private?
Can I have another beer, please?
Can I have half a kilo apples?
Can I have some more milk?
Can I have some more tea?
Can I have something hot to drink?
Can I have something to eat?
Can I have the key now, please?
Can I have the paper when you're finished with it?
Can I have this box carried upstairs?
Can I have this film developed?
Can I have two hamburgers and a coke, please?
Can I have your number, please?
Can I have your phone number?
Can I have your telephone number?
Can I help translate the website into other languages?
Can I help you folks?
Can I help you somehow?
Can I help you with that?
Can I help you?
Can I help?
Can I hold your hand?
Can I join in?
Can I join you?
Can I keep one of your pictures?
Can I keep this?
Can I kiss you?
Can I leave a message?
Can I leave my bag here?
Can I leave my luggage here?
Can I leave now?
Can I make a couple of suggestions?
Can I make a credit card call on this public phone?
Can I make a phone call?
Can I make a suggestion?
Can I make myself useful somehow?
Can I open my eyes now?
Can I open the curtain?
Can I open the window?
Can I park my car here?
Can I pay by credit card?
Can I pay for the book by check?
Can I pay with a credit card?
Can I persuade you to stay a few more days?
Can I pick my own desk?
Can I pick my ticket up at the airport?
Can I pick the next song?
Can I play you a song?
Can I play your mandolin?
Can I please have something hot to drink?
Can I really have it at this price?
Can I rent rackets?
Can I rest a bit?
Can I say this one last time?
Can I see it before I go?
Can I see that one?
Can I see that?
Can I see the special exhibit with this ticket?
Can I see the wine list?
Can I see this one?
Can I see what's on the other channels?
Can I see you again?
Can I see you in my office for a minute?
Can I see you tonight?
Can I see your driver's license?
Can I see your license, please?
Can I see your passport, please?
Can I see, too?
Can I sit down?
Can I sit here?
Can I sit with you?
Can I sleep here?
Can I sleep on the couch?
Can I speak in English?
Can I speak to Tom?
Can I speak to the doctor?
Can I speak to you in private?
Can I speak to you outside?
Can I speak with you a moment?
Can I stay a little longer?
Can I stay here tonight?
Can I stay?
Can I take a day off?
Can I take a message?
Can I take a picture here?
Can I take a picture of you?
Can I take it home?
Can I take my shirt off? It's so hot in here.
Can I take pictures here?
Can I take that as a compliment?
Can I take your order now?
Can I take your photograph?
Can I take your picture?
Can I take your word for it?
Can I talk to someone who speaks French?
Can I talk to you a moment?
Can I talk to you about something personal?
Can I talk to you about something?
Can I talk to you alone for a second?
Can I talk to you for a second please?
Can I talk to you for just a second?
Can I talk to you in private for a minute?
Can I talk to you in private?
Can I talk to you privately?
Can I talk to you?
Can I telephone London from here?
Can I tell them you'll be visiting?
Can I tell you a secret?
Can I tempt you to try another piece of cake?
Can I touch it?
Can I touch your beard?
Can I trust Tom?
Can I try this on?
Can I turn off the TV?
Can I turn on the TV?
Can I use a credit card for payment?
Can I use my credit card?
Can I use this area to raise vegetables?
Can I use this bike?
Can I use this dictionary?
Can I use this?
Can I use your computer?
Can I use your dictionary for a minute?
Can I use your dictionary?
Can I use your pen?
Can I use your pencil?
Can I use your phone, please?
Can I use your phone?
Can I use your telephone?
Can I use your toilet, please?
Can I wear your clothes?
Can Tom be counted upon?
Can Tom come tomorrow?
Can Tom come, too?
Can Tom do that?
Can Tom help us?
Can Tom pay for all this?
Can Tom read and write Japanese?
Can Tom really speak French?
Can Tom see us?
Can Tom speak French?
Can Tom walk?
Can all birds fly?
Can any of you tell me where Tom is?
Can anybody else answer?
Can anyone answer my question?
Can anyone confirm your story?
Can anyone guess what's in this box?
Can anyone hear me?
Can anyone here speak French?
Can anyone pronounce this word?
Can anyone tell me the time?
Can anyone translate this sentence?
Can anyone verify that?
Can anything else be done?
Can he do it?
Can he do this job?
Can he have said such a thing?
Can he see us?
Can he speak English?
Can he speak French?
Can he speak Japanese?
Can his story be true?
Can it be phrased in another way?
Can it be true that she committed suicide?
Can it be true?
Can it really be mine?
Can it wait?
Can life get any better than this?
Can money buy happiness?
Can plants feel pain?
Can rabbits swim?
Can she come in time?
Can she come, too?
Can she play the guitar?
Can somebody get that?
Can somebody open the door please?
Can someone answer the telephone?
Can someone check this?
Can someone explain how this always happens?
Can someone explain this to me?
Can someone please help me?
Can someone tell me what's going on here?
Can someone tell me why Tom is angry?
Can that really be coincidence?
Can the matter wait till tomorrow?
Can the report be true?
Can the rumor be true?
Can these stars be seen in Australia?
Can they see me?
Can this be it?
Can we afford all this?
Can we afford it?
Can we afford that?
Can we afford this?
Can we apply this rule in this case?
Can we at least think about it for a minute?
Can we believe that?
Can we believe them?
Can we change the subject, please?
Can we come?
Can we count on you?
Can we cut to the chase here?
Can we discuss this some other time?
Can we do that?
Can we do this later?
Can we drive to Miami on half a tank of gas?
Can we enhance the image?
Can we get help for Tom?
Can we get on with it?
Can we get this done by the end of the week?
Can we get this over with, please?
Can we go home and go to sleep now?
Can we go somewhere and talk?
Can we go?
Can we have a menu, please?
Can we have a moment alone?
Can we have a word with you?
Can we help you with something?
Can we help you?
Can we help?
Can we hurry this up?
Can we join in?
Can we leave now?
Can we meet on February the 28th, around 3:00 p.m.?
Can we not talk about this just now?
Can we provide assistance?
Can we put this incident behind us?
Can we reschedule?
Can we roller-skate in this park?
Can we swim here?
Can we talk about what happened that day?
Can we talk alone?
Can we talk in private?
Can we talk to Tom?
Can we talk?
Can we try something else?
Can we try this again?
Can we wait for Tom here?
Can you add these numbers?
Can you also count in Italian?
Can you answer this question?
Can you answer this riddle?
Can you ask Tom to come in?
Can you at least pretend you want to be here?
Can you at least pretend you're enjoying yourself?
Can you at least try?
Can you be sure?
Can you believe it? He's even lazier than me.
Can you believe it? She's even lazier than me.
Can you believe that?
Can you believe what he said?
Can you break a 10,000 yen bill?
Can you break an egg with one hand?
Can you break this thousand-yen bill?
Can you buy one for me as well?
Can you call a taxi for me?
Can you call for help?
Can you call him?
Can you call me a taxi?
Can you carve the chicken?
Can you catch the chicken?
Can you check if the phone is out of order?
Can you clearly define this word?
Can you climb the tree?
Can you close the door?
Can you come at nine?
Can you come back later?
Can you come on Sunday evening?
Can you come over here and help me?
Can you come to the office by train?
Can you come to the party?
Can you come tomorrow?
Can you come?
Can you complete the job in two days?
Can you confirm that?
Can you contact Tom?
Can you continue?
Can you cook a meal?
Can you cook an omelet?
Can you cook an omelette?
Can you correct this report before 5:00 p.m.?
Can you count in French?
Can you count in Italian?
Can you count to one hundred in French?
Can you count to ten in Chinese?
Can you cut my sandwich in half?
Can you decipher the message?
Can you decode the message?
Can you deliver it to my house?
Can you deliver that?
Can you describe the object?
Can you describe the situation you were in?
Can you describe them to me?
Can you describe to me the difference between black tea and green tea?
Can you direct me to the train station?
Can you distinguish her from her sister?
Can you do a headstand?
Can you do bookkeeping?
Can you do handstands?
Can you do it in one day?
Can you do it?
Can you do me a favor?
Can you do some shopping for me?
Can you do that again?
Can you do that here?
Can you do that?
Can you do this problem?
Can you do this without any help?
Can you do this?
Can you do without an English dictionary?
Can you draw me a map of your street?
Can you drive a car?
Can you drive a five speed?
Can you drive a manual transmission?
Can you drive a stick shift?
Can you drive me home?
Can you drive me to the airport tomorrow morning?
Can you drive them here?
Can you eat raw oysters?
Can you eat these?
Can you elaborate on this a little more?
Can you excuse me, please?
Can you expand on that?
Can you explain that?
Can you explain what PKO stands for?
Can you express yourself in English?
Can you fall in love with someone you have never met?
Can you feel the difference?
Can you find your way home?
Can you fix my computer?
Can you fix the broken radio?
Can you fix the flat tire now?
Can you fix this door? It's creaking.
Can you fix this or should I call a plumber?
Can you forget your native language?
Can you forgive me?
Can you frame this picture for me?
Can you frame this picture?
Can you get around that regulation?
Can you get him to come to the theater?
Can you get it repaired?
Can you get me another pencil?
Can you get something to eat in there?
Can you get us some more ice?
Can you gift-wrap this, please?
Can you give me a better price?
Can you give me a brief description of the thief?
Can you give me a discount?
Can you give me a euro?
Can you give me a hand with this table?
Can you give me a ride to the station?
Can you give me a ride?
Can you give me an example?
Can you give me another sentence to translate?
Can you give me some money?
Can you give me some specifics?
Can you give me that?
Can you give me the keys?
Can you give me the recipe?
Can you give me this one, please?
Can you give me your cell number?
Can you give me your phone number?
Can you give my brother a job?
Can you give that to Tom?
Can you guess her age?
Can you guess my age?
Can you guess the price?
Can you guess the worth of the diamond?
Can you guess where I am right now?
Can you guys solve the puzzle?
Can you handle it, Tom?
Can you handle it?
Can you hear it?
Can you hear me, Tom?
Can you hear us?
Can you help me a little?
Can you help me get my money back from Tom.
Can you help me lift this?
Can you help me pick out an engagement ring?
Can you help me study?
Can you help me to translate these sentences into Chinese?
Can you help me wash the dishes?
Can you help me wash these dishes?
Can you help me when I move?
Can you help me with the washing up?
Can you help me, please?
Can you help me?
Can you help us?
Can you help?
Can you hold on a little longer?
Can you imagine a blue Ferrari?
Can you imagine a time when the world is free of war?
Can you imagine that?
Can you imagine the world without money?
Can you imagine what our lives would be like without electricity?
Can you introduce me to a doctor who speaks French?
Can you introduce me to someone who speaks French?
Can you iron this T-shirt for me, please?
Can you jump over a chair from a standing position?
Can you jump rope?
Can you just get Tom some water?
Can you justify your action?
Can you keep a secret?
Can you leave it with me till this afternoon?
Can you lend me 500 yen?
Can you lend me some money?
Can you lend me your dictionary?
Can you lend me yours?
Can you let me have it for thirty dollars?
Can you lift this stone?
Can you listen to me for a minute?
Can you locate this place on the map for me?
Can you lower the price to ten dollars?
Can you lower the price?
Can you mail these for me?
Can you mail these letters for me?
Can you mail this letter for me?
Can you make an exception?
Can you make it before the deadline?
Can you make it on time?
Can you make out a light in the distance?
Can you make room for me?
Can you make sashimi out of this fish I just caught?
Can you make sense of this poem?
Can you make us some breakfast?
Can you make yourself understood in French?
Can you make yourselves understood in English?
Can you make yourselves understood in French?
Can you manage alone?
Can you manage to carry the suitcase by yourself?
Can you manage to complete the manuscript by Friday?
Can you measure the length?
Can you meet him?
Can you meet me in the cafeteria in ten minutes?
Can you open it?
Can you open the door for me?
Can you open the window?
Can you order it for me?
Can you order one for me?
Can you order them for me?
Can you pass me the milk?
Can you pass me the salt, please?
Can you pay attention, please?
Can you pay me in advance?
Can you pick it up?
Can you pick me up at the station?
Can you pick up Tom?
Can you play a song for me?
Can you play an instrument?
Can you play guitar?
Can you play the drums?
Can you play the guitar?
Can you play the organ?
Can you play the violin?
Can you please be quiet?
Can you please give me something to do?
Can you please help me put price tags on everything?
Can you please just shut up already?
Can you please leave me alone?
Can you please look the other way?
Can you please pass me the newspaper?
Can you please pour me some more wine?
Can you please reduce the volume of the music?
Can you please repeat the question?
Can you please say that again?
Can you please shut up?
Can you please sign this document?
Can you please stop singing?
Can you please stop that?
Can you please take this package to the post office?
Can you please tell me how I can get to the beach?
Can you please tell me what time the train leaves?
Can you please tell me what's happening?
Can you please tell me your name once more?
Can you please watch my bag?
Can you predict the future?
Can you print this document for me?
Can you program in C?
Can you pronounce these words?
Can you prove it?
Can you prove that what you said is true?
Can you prove the allegations?
Can you push the door open?
Can you put it down on the table?
Can you put that into English?
Can you put up with the noise?
Can you read Arabic?
Can you read French?
Can you read it?
Can you read that sign ahead of us?
Can you read that?
Can you read this without your glasses?
Can you read this?
Can you read what that says?
Can you read what's written on the blackboard?
Can you really not swim?
Can you really predict the future?
Can you really swim?
Can you recommend a good book?
Can you recommend a good dictionary to me?
Can you recommend a good dictionary?
Can you recommend a good game to me?
Can you recommend a good hotel in the area?
Can you recommend a hotel near the airport?
Can you recommend a hotel?
Can you recommend a place to stay in London?
Can you recommend any other hotels?
Can you remember anything?
Can you remember his name?
Can you remember how to play that song?
Can you remember the first time we met each other?
Can you remember the first time you heard the Beatles?
Can you remember the first time you saw Tom?
Can you remember the first time you swam?
Can you remember the first word you learned in English?
Can you remember the first word you learned in French?
Can you remember the time we visited Tom when he was still a teenager?
Can you remember this game?
Can you repair these shoes?
Can you repeat that, please?
Can you repeat that?
Can you ride a bicycle?
Can you ride a horse?
Can you rub my back?
Can you run fast?
Can you save this seat for me?
Can you scratch my back?
Can you secure me two good seats for the concert?
Can you see anything out there?
Can you see that small house?
Can you see the difference?
Can you see the picture?
Can you see without your glasses?
Can you sell the book to me for 500 yen?
Can you send me a screenshot?
Can you send that by email?
Can you send the bellboy up?
Can you shed any light on this?
Can you ship it to New York City?
Can you show it to me?
Can you show me how to do this?
Can you show me on the map?
Can you show me that picture?
Can you show me where I am on this map?
Can you show me where you live on this map?
Can you show us the house?
Can you sing this song?
Can you skip me?
Can you slow down a little?
Can you solve the puzzle?
Can you solve this problem?
Can you spare a minute?
Can you spare me a few minutes of your valuable time?
Can you spare me a few minutes?
Can you spare some change?
Can you speak Chinese well?
Can you speak English at all?
Can you speak French well?
Can you speak French, too?
Can you speak French?
Can you speak a little slower please?
Can you speak a little slower?
Can you speak another language?
Can you speak any Native American language?
Can you speak any language other than French?
Can you speak louder, please?
Can you speak more than three languages?
Can you spell it?
Can you spin a basketball on your fingertip?
Can you spot Tom in this picture?
Can you stand the summer heat in Nagoya?
Can you stand up?
Can you stand?
Can you start tomorrow?
Can you stay for a few days?
Can you stay for dinner?
Can you stay with Tom?
Can you still eat food that's fallen on the floor?
Can you still remember when we first met?
Can you still walk?
Can you stop calling me that?
Can you stop it?
Can you suggest a better idea?
Can you supply me with all I need?
Can you swim across the river?
Can you swim across this river?
Can you swim at all?
Can you swim underwater?
Can you swim?
Can you take me home now?
Can you take me to the airport, please?
Can you take over the driving for a while?
Can you take the lid off this box?
Can you take this stuff with you?
Can you take us to the British Museum?
Can you teach me English?
Can you teach me French?
Can you teach me how to fly?
Can you teach me how to play golf?
Can you teach me how to play the bagpipes?
Can you teach me how to play the guitar like you do?
Can you teach me how to ride a horse?
Can you teach me how to steal?
Can you teach me to play chess?
Can you tell a Chinese person from Japanese?
Can you tell butter from margarine?
Can you tell him from his brother?
Can you tell if this is Tom's?
Can you tell me anything else?
Can you tell me how to get to the airport?
Can you tell me how to get to the city hall?
Can you tell me how to get to the station?
Can you tell me how you get to the American Embassy?
Can you tell me the exact time, please?
Can you tell me the time?
Can you tell me the way to the bank?
Can you tell me the way to the station?
Can you tell me what day it is today?
Can you tell me what is happening?
Can you tell me what size this is?
Can you tell me what this is?
Can you tell me what this word means?
Can you tell me what's wrong with Tom?
Can you tell me when Tom got his driver's license?
Can you tell me when the next bus will arrive?
Can you tell me where I am on this map?
Can you tell me where Tom lives?
Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is?
Can you tell me where the nearest church is?
Can you tell me where the nearest zoo is?
Can you tell me which button to press?
Can you tell me why Tom is doing that?
Can you tell me why we need to do this?
Can you tell me why you like him?
Can you tell me your address?
Can you tell silver and tin apart?
Can you tell the difference between an American and a Canadian?
Can you tell the difference between these two pictures?
Can you tell the twins apart?
Can you tell us a bit more about that?
Can you tell us about it?
Can you tell us what you're wearing?
Can you tell us when this was made?
Can you tell us where you were at 2:30 this afternoon?
Can you tell wheat from barley?
Can you tell wolves from dogs?
Can you think of any reason why Tom would've done that?
Can you think of any reasons?
Can you think of anything that I could say to convince Tom to stay?
Can you think of something better?
Can you throw a fastball?
Can you throw that away for me?
Can you tie a bow?
Can you touch the bottom?
Can you touch the ceiling?
Can you translate English into Japanese?
Can you translate this for me?
Can you try this number again?
Can you turn that down?
Can you untie this knot?
Can you use a computer?
Can you validate this parking ticket?
Can you wait a bit?
Can you wait here until I get back?
Can you wake me up at 7:00 tomorrow?
Can you walk to school, or do you have to take the bus?
Can you walk?
Can you weigh this, please?
Can you whistle?
Can you wiggle your ears?
Can you will yourself to fall asleep?
Can you write that down please?
Can your brother drive a car?
Can your mother drive a car?
Can't I stay here with you?
Can't anything be done?
Can't someone else do this?
Can't they speak French?
Can't we just be friends?
Can't we just go home?
Can't we just talk this over?
Can't we leave it as it is?
Can't we talk about this later?
Can't you buy a car?
Can't you do it?
Can't you hear all the car horns beeping behind us?
Can't you hear all the car horns honking behind us?
Can't you help me just a little bit?
Can't you help us?
Can't you just accept that?
Can't you just ask Tom to help us?
Can't you just take my word for it?
Can't you leave me alone?
Can't you repair the damage?
Can't you see I'm busy?
Can't you see I'm not interested?
Can't you see Tom is trying to help you?
Can't you see a stapler somewhere around there?
Can't you see that Tom doesn't want to talk to you?
Can't you see we're busy?
Can't you see what's happening here?
Can't you speak English?
Can't you speak French?
Can't you stay a little longer?
Can't you swim at all?
Can't you talk any sense into Tom?
Can't you tell that Tom is upset?
Can't you understand French?
Can't you understand what's happening here?
Can't you work any faster than that?
Canada has thirteen provinces and territories.
Canada is a large country.
Canada is larger than Japan.
Canada is to the north of the United States.
Canada's crime rate is decreasing.
Cancel all my appointments.
Cancer can be cured if discovered in time.
Cape Dezhnev is 30 miles south of the Arctic Circle.
Captain Cook discovered those islands.
Captain Cook thanked the natives for their hospitality.
Car production in that year reached a record 10 million vehicles.
Carbon monoxide is a poisonous substance formed by the incomplete combustion of carbon compounds.
Carbon monoxide poisoning can cause hallucinations.
Careful preparations ensure success.
Careful! Watch out!
Careless driving causes accidents.
Carelessness often results in accidents.
Carrots are good for the eyes. Have you ever seen a rabbit with glasses on?
Carrots are good for the eyesight.
Carrots are good for your eyes.
Carrots are good for your eyes. Have you ever seen a rabbit wearing glasses?
Carry her to the operating room.
Carry on with your work.
Carry out my orders!
Carry this for me.
Cars are expensive.
Cars took the place of bicycles.
Cars, buses, and trucks are all vehicles.
Catch Tom.
Catch me if you can.
Catholics are against birth control.
Cats arch their backs.
Cats are afraid of water.
Cats are natural-born hunters.
Cats are nocturnal animals.
Cats are smart.
Cats are smarter than you think.
Cats are very clean animals.
Cats can see even in dark places.
Cats can see in the dark.
Cats catch mice.
Cats dislike being wet.
Cats don't eat bananas.
Cats don't like dogs.
Cats don't like getting wet.
Cats don't like to get wet.
Cats have nine lives.
Cats have the ability to see in the dark.
Cats like playing in the sun.
Cats usually hate dogs.
Cats were sacred animals in ancient Egypt.
Cattle feed on grass.
Cattle were grazing in the field.
Central Park is near where I work.
Certain poisons, properly used, are useful.
Certain restrictions may apply.
Certain smells can easily trigger childhood memories.
Certain things are better left unsaid.
Certainly he is handsome and intelligent, but there is something about him that I can't like.
Certainly they will go on holiday next month.
Cesar Chavez asked that strikers remain non-violent even though farm owners and their supporters sometimes used violence.
Cesar Chavez died in 1993 at the age of sixty-six. More than 40,000 people attended his funeral.
Chairs and tables were damaged.
Champagne is imported from France.
Champagne, please.
Chance led to the discovery of the new island.
Chances are they're lost, and that's why they're late.
Chances of promotion are slim in this firm.
Change into your suit.
Change is important.
Change the subject.
Change trains at the next station.
Change was in the air.
Change your clothes.
Changes came quickly.
Charge this bill to me.
Charity begins at home.
Charlemagne was crowned by the Pope.
Charles Lindbergh made the first solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
Charles Moore created Forth in an attempt to increase programmer productivity without sacrificing machine efficiency.
Check everyone.
Check that.
Check the pressure of the tires.
Check this translation with the original.
Check this.
Check your answers carefully.
Check your car before you drive to make sure that your lights are working.
Check your order.
Check your pockets.
Check your tire pressure.
Check, please.
Cheer him up when you see him.
Cheer up!
Cheer up! Everything will soon be all right.
Cheer up! Things are not as bad as you think.
Cheers!
Cheese and other dairy products do not agree with me.
Cheese doesn't digest easily.
Cheese is easy to cut with a knife.
Cheese is made from milk.
Chemistry can be very complex.
Chen is not a businessperson.
Cherish this moment.
Cherries are red.
Cherries are ripe in June or July.
Cherry blossoms are very beautiful.
Cherry trees are now in bloom in Washington.
Chess is a very difficult game.
Chestnuts have to be boiled for at least fifteen minutes.
Chicken pox is a common sickness in children.
Children always want to become adults.
Children and drunks don't lie.
Children are a blessing.
Children are expensive.
Children are full of energy.
Children are not admitted.
Children are often very good at learning foreign languages.
Children are playing behind the house.
Children begin school when they are six years old.
Children don't need their own rooms.
Children exhibit a low tolerance for the frustrations of learning.
Children generally have a higher body temperature than adults.
Children grow up astonishingly quickly.
Children grow up so quickly.
Children hate annoying teachers.
Children imitate their friends rather than their parents.
Children in the town were taken away for safety.
Children learn by watching what adults around them do.
Children learn languages very quickly.
Children learn to respond to rhythmical sounds from a very young age.
Children like climbing trees.
Children like playing more than studying.
Children like playing outside.
Children like to pretend to be adults when they play.
Children need a lot of sleep.
Children need affection and love.
Children need love and attention.
Children need love.
Children need loving.
Children need many things, but above all they need love.
Children need to play.
Children often cry just to attract attention.
Children often do stupid things.
Children often hate spinach.
Children often make mistakes.
Children often rub their eyes when they are tired.
Children often want to do things that are dangerous without knowing that they are dangerous.
Children really like playing on the beach.
Children say such stupid things.
Children should be allowed to be children.
Children should be taught to share.
Children should drink milk every day.
Children should go to school.
Children should keep away from the river. It's dangerous.
Children should not be spoiled.
Children should obey their parents.
Children should only speak when they're spoken to.
Children should play outside.
Children shouldn't be spoiled.
Children shouldn't drink wine.
Children sometimes lack patience.
Children threw stones at him.
Children under thirteen years of age are not admitted to this swimming pool.
Children under three are admitted free of charge.
Children usually pick up foreign languages very quickly.
Children want to act like grown-ups.
Children watch adults.
Children who are thirsty should drink water.
Children will grow even if you leave them alone.
Children's laughter could be heard in the distance.
Chill out.
Chimpanzees normally have their first child at age 13, humans at age 19.
China is a huge country.
China is a large country.
China is about twenty-five times as large as Japan.
China is bigger than Japan.
China is much bigger than Japan.
China is much larger than Japan.
China is rich in natural resources.
China is the largest country in Asia.
China is the world's leading producer of rice.
China is twenty times as large as Japan.
China is twenty times bigger than Japan.
Chinese food is no less delicious than French.
Chivalry isn't dead.
Chocolate is made from cocoa beans.
Cholera is uncommon in Japan.
Choose a dress you like.
Choose any of these pens.
Choose between the two.
Choose between these two.
Choose carefully.
Choose either one or the other.
Choose friends you can rely on.
Choose one person.
Choose one.
Choose the lesser of two evils.
Choose three books at random.
Choose what is right, not what is easy.
Choose your favorite racket.
Choosing to fight for the British proved to be a mistake.
Chopin is my favorite composer.
Chopin's music is beautiful.
Christianity and Islam are two different religions.
Christians view human nature as inherently sinful.
Christmas Day is December 25th.
Christmas comes but once a year.
Christmas falls on Sunday this year.
Christmas fell on Saturday that year.
Christmas is December 25th.
Christmas is a good time to market new toys.
Christmas is a special holiday.
Christmas is coming soon.
Christmas is coming.
Christmas is just a few days away.
Christmas is just around the corner.
Christmas is soon, isn't it?
Christmas is soon, right?
Christmas is soon.
Churches are designated on the map with crosses.
Churches were erected all over the island.
Cigarette smoke bothers me a lot.
Cinderella had two evil stepsisters.
Circumstances did not permit me to help you.
Circumstances forced us to cancel our appointment.
Circumstances forced us to put off the meeting.
Circumstances have changed.
City life has advantages and disadvantages.
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
Clark Kent is the hero of the Superman stories.
Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.
Class is from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m.
Classes are starting again soon.
Classes begin next week.
Classes start at nine o'clock every day.
Classes start on Monday.
Clean that up.
Clean the dust off the shelf.
Clean the mirror.
Clean the room.
Clean the window with a damp cloth.
Clean up the kitchen.
Clean up the room.
Clean up this mess.
Clean up your room.
Clean your hands.
Clean your room, please.
Clean your room.
Cleaning up after the party was no picnic.
Clear off the table.
Clearly you are mistaken.
Clerks with sticky fingers won't keep their jobs for long.
Climate change is a global problem.
Climate change is not a hoax.
Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get.
Climbing that mountain was a piece of cake.
Clocks used to be wound every day.
Close all the windows.
Close the curtains so the neighbors can't see in.
Close the door behind you.
Close the door when you leave.
Close the door, please.
Close the door.
Close the gate.
Close the window, will you?
Close the window.
Close your book.
Close your books.
Close your eyes and go to sleep.
Close your eyes and tell me what you hear.
Close your eyes, and count to ten.
Close your eyes, please.
Close your eyes.
Coal and natural gas are natural fuels.
Coal is not always black.
Coca-Cola advertisements can be seen all over the world.
Cocaine is a drug.
Cocoa can be very bitter.
Coffee is Brazil's main product.
Coffee keeps me awake.
Coffee prices have jumped almost 50% in six months.
Coffee will be served after the meal.
Coffee, please, with cream and sugar.
Coffee, please.
Coincidences happen all the time.
Cold methane gas is responsible for the blue-green color of Uranus.
Cold this morning, isn't it?
Cold water, please.
Cold weather and insects destroyed their crops.
Cold, damp days are bad for your health.
Colds are contagious.
Colds are prevalent this winter.
Columbus discovered America in 1492.
Columbus discovered America.
Columbus proved that the world is not flat.
Columbus' discovery of America was accidental.
Columns provide a solid foundation.
Comb your hair before you go out.
Come aboard.
Come again tomorrow afternoon, when I will have more time to talk with you.
Come again tomorrow.
Come again.
Come alone.
Come along with me.
Come along with us if you like.
Come along with us.
Come along.
Come and dance with me.
Come and get it.
Come and help me out.
Come and help me.
Come and help us.
Come and join us.
Come and look for yourself.
Come and see me on Sunday next week.
Come and see me once in a while.
Come and see me soon.
Come and see me tomorrow.
Come and see me whenever it is convenient for you.
Come and see me whenever you are free.
Come and see me whenever you want to.
Come and see me.
Come and sit down.
Come and take a look.
Come and visit us in Paris sometime soon.
Come anytime you like.
Come at any time you like.
Come at once.
Come at ten o'clock sharp.
Come at two o'clock.
Come back here.
Come back home.
Come back in a day.
Come back in a month.
Come back in a week.
Come back in an hour.
Come back in.
Come back later.
Come back soon.
Come back to the table and sit down.
Come back tomorrow.
Come back.
Come closer and have a good look at this picture.
Come closer.
Come down here!
Come down here.
Come downstairs.
Come early so we can discuss the plans.
Come early.
Come fishing with me.
Come forward.
Come help me.
Come here and give me a hug.
Come here and have a look at it.
Come here and help me.
Come here and sit down.
Come here at precisely six o'clock.
Come here before seven o'clock.
Come here by ten at the latest.
Come here quickly.
Come here soon.
Come here.
Come here. I need to tell you something.
Come here. I want to show you something.
Come home at once.
Come home at six.
Come home before dark.
Come home before six.
Come home early.
Come home.
Come if you can.
Come in already.
Come in and sit down.
Come in, the door's open.
Come in.
Come inside and have something to eat.
Come inside because it's cold outside.
Come into the room after me.
Come into the room.
Come nearer so that I can see your face.
Come off it!
Come on Tuesday, if possible.
Come on everyone, let's dance!
Come on in and make yourself at home.
Come on in!
Come on in.
Come on out. You can't stay hiding under your bed all night.
Come on over to have a try.
Come on up here.
Come on!
Come on! Give me a chance.
Come on, I'll give you a ride home.
Come on, I'll show you.
Come on, Tom, aren't you curious?
Come on, Tom, aren't you just a little bit curious?
Come on, Tom, show us how it's done.
Come on, Tom.
Come on, Tom. Don't be shy.
Come on, Tom. It'll be fun.
Come on, Tom. Just do it already. What are you waiting for?
Come on, Tom. Let's go home.
Come on, Tom. Talk to me.
Come on, admit it.
Come on, answer quickly.
Come on, do it.
Come on, don't be a coward!
Come on, get up.
Come on, give it a try.
Come on, give it to me.
Come on, grow up.
Come on, guys. This is not funny anymore.
Come on, help me.
Come on, hurry up.
Come on, hurry up. You'll miss the bus.
Come on, it's easy.
Come on, let's do that again.
Come on, let's do this again.
Come on, let's go.
Come on, let's take shelter.
Come on, let's try it.
Come on, sing with me.
Come on, tell me.
Come on, touch it.
Come on, trust me.
Come on, try again.
Come on, wake up.
Come on, you can do it.
Come on, you really don't mean that!
Come on, you two.
Come on. Give it a try.
Come on. I'm taking you home.
Come on. Let's get out of here.
Come on. Let's go home.
Come on. You can do it.
Come out and play.
Come out with your hands up.
Come outside.
Come over and help out.
Come over here and help me.
Come over here and join us.
Come over here and sit down.
Come over here.
Come over!
Come quickly!
Come quickly.
Come sing with me.
Come sit by me.
Come sit down.
Come sit with us.
Come soon.
Come swim with me.
Come to my concert tomorrow evening.
Come to my house at eight.
Come to my house this afternoon.
Come to my house whenever you like.
Come to pick me up if it rains tomorrow.
Come to watch us play music sometime.
Come tomorrow morning.
Come tomorrow.
Come watch us play music sometime.
Come what may, I won't change my opinion.
Come whenever you like.
Come whenever you want to.
Come whenever you'd like.
Come with me, please.
Come with me.
Come with us.
Come, sit by me.
Comfort Tom.
Coming here was a mistake.
Commodity prices were rising.
Common sense tells me that this isn't the way to do it.
Common sense tells us, however, that there is no easy solution.
Communists took power in China in 1949.
Compare the facts.
Compare the translation with the original.
Compare this copy with the original.
Compare your answer with Tom's.
Compare your answers with the teacher's.
Compare your sentence with the one on the blackboard.
Compare your translation with his.
Compare your translation with the one on the blackboard.
Compared to Tokyo, London is small.
Compared to his brother, he's not so wise.
Compared to his father, he is shallow.
Compared to our house, his is a palace.
Compared to our house, yours is a palace.
Compared to you, I'm just a beginner at this game.
Compared to you, I'm only a beginner at this game.
Compared to you, Tom is just a kid.
Compared with America or China, Japan is a small country.
Compared with his brother, he is not so intelligent.
Compared with the old model, this is far easier to handle.
Compasses point north.
Competition for the position is very intense.
Competition is good.
Complaining about something is one way to adapt yourself to a new environment.
Complaining won't change anything.
Compulsory military service exists in Turkey.
Computer supplies are very expensive in Japan.
Computers are better than us at playing chess.
Computers are certainly playing an important role in our life, whether we like it or not.
Computers are complex machines.
Computers are constantly being improved.
Concentrate on what you're doing.
Concentrate your attention on this problem.
Concentrate, Tom.
Concerning this matter, I'm the one to blame.
Confession is good for the soul.
Conflicting reports prompted the director to reconsider her position.
Congratulations!
Congress passed the bill.
Consider it a gift.
Consider it done.
Consider this a warning, Tom.
Consider yourselves my prisoners.
Considering all I've eaten all day is just one slice of bread, I'm not really all that hungry.
Considering everything, my father's life was a happy one.
Considering how long I've been studying French, I should be able to speak it better.
Considering what time it was, the supermarket was relatively empty.
Constructive criticism is always welcome.
Contact Tom.
Contact me tomorrow.
Contact my assistant if you have any questions.
Contact your local police if you have any information on Tom Jackson's whereabouts.
Context is important.
Continue digging.
Continue to write until he tells you to stop.
Continue your investigations.
Control freaks usually make people around them very unhappy.
Control yourself!
Control yourself.
Control yourselves.
Cook for me.
Cook the rice.
Cookie is a good name for a dog.
Cookie is the cutest of all the dogs.
Cookie is under 5 years old.
Cookie isn't such a good name for a dog.
Cookie's mother died of cancer.
Cooking is interesting.
Cooking is my secret passion.
Cool down.
Cool off!
Coolidge won the 1924 election easily.
Copenhagen is a bike-friendly city.
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark.
Copernicus taught that the earth moves around the sun.
Copper conducts electricity well.
Copy this, please.
Copying is not theft.
Corks popping are the happiest sound of all.
Corn is an important crop in the United States.
Corn yields in the U.S. have increased fivefold over the past seventy years, thanks to advances in agricultural technology.
Correct me if I am wrong.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
Correct the errors, if there are any.
Correct the following sentences.
Correct the mistakes, if there are any.
Correcting is sometimes harder than writing.
Cotton absorbs water.
Cotton sucks up water.
Could I ask a favor of you?
Could I ask why?
Could I ask you a big favor?
Could I borrow this book for a few days?
Could I borrow your car?
Could I borrow your gray suit?
Could I change rooms?
Could I get a Japanese newspaper, please?
Could I get a discount if I pay in cash?
Could I get my ring back?
Could I get some tea?
Could I get some water, please?
Could I get your autograph?
Could I go over to Mary's house to play?
Could I have a cigarette?
Could I have a cup of coffee?
Could I have a knife and fork, please?
Could I have a little more water?
Could I have a minute of your time?
Could I have a piece of cheesecake?
Could I have a sample taste?
Could I have a sip?
Could I have a slice of cheesecake?
Could I have a word with Tom?
Could I have a word with you in private?
Could I have another glass of beer?
Could I have some more coffee?
Could I have some more tea?
Could I have some more water, please?
Could I have some of your beer?
Could I have some towels?
Could I have some water?
Could I have the bill, please?
Could I have three cinnamon donuts?
Could I help you?
Could I please have one more can of beer?
Could I possibly talk to you for a moment?
Could I see those photos again?
Could I talk to you alone for a second?
Could I talk to you for a minute?
Could I talk to you in private?
Could I use your desk?
Could he be Tom's son?
Could it be a virus?
Could she be Tom's daughter?
Could somebody please open the door?
Could someone make an example sentence in German using the word "Beispiel?"
Could someone please help me?
Could the last one out turn off the light?
Could this be love?
Could we have a fork?
Could we have a spoon?
Could we have a table in the corner?
Could we have a table in the non-smoking section?
Could we have a table in the smoking section?
Could we have a table outside?
Could we meet privately?
Could we please go home now?
Could we talk about last night?
Could we talk in private?
Could you arrange to be here at five?
Could you be so kind as to speak more slowly, please?
Could you break a 1,000 yen note?
Could you break this ten dollar bill?
Could you bring me a Japanese newspaper?
Could you bring me a blanket?
Could you bring me a pillow and blanket, please?
Could you bring me some water?
Could you bring me something to eat?
Could you bring my breakfast to room 305?
Could you bring us the bill, please?
Could you call a doctor, please?
Could you call again later, please?
Could you call me back a bit later?
Could you call me back later?
Could you call me tonight, please?
Could you carry this box for me, please?
Could you change my room for me?
Could you change the departure date for this ticket?
Could you check the tire pressure?
Could you clear the table, please?
Could you close the window, please?
Could you come back a little later?
Could you come back here again tomorrow at 2:30?
Could you come over and help me this afternoon?
Could you come to my office when you have a moment?
Could you do it?
Could you do me a big favor?
Could you do me a favor?
Could you do me a favor? Will you lend me some money?
Could you do me a small favor?
Could you do this instead of me?
Could you download a file for me?
Could you drive Tom home?
Could you drive more slowly?
Could you drop me at the bus station?
Could you drop me off at the library?
Could you elaborate?
Could you exchange it with a different one?
Could you explain how the dishwasher works?
Could you explain it in more detail?
Could you explain it to me?
Could you explain to me what happened?
Could you find out how to get there?
Could you get in touch with him?
Could you gift wrap it?
Could you give me a ball-park figure?
Could you give me a better price?
Could you give me a discount?
Could you give me a few more minutes?
Could you give me a lift in your car?
Could you give me a lift to the train station?
Could you give me a ride to the station?
Could you give me a ride?
Could you give me a wake-up call at seven?
Could you give me some advice?
Could you give me your name?
Could you go and see if Tom is OK?
Could you go there and get it?
Could you guys help me?
Could you hand me the newspaper on the table?
Could you hang up the laundry?
Could you have done it?
Could you help me for just a minute?
Could you help me for ten minutes?
Could you help me out here?
Could you help me translate this into French?
Could you help me wash the dishes?
Could you help me when I move?
Could you help me?
Could you help us after school?
Could you help us translate this text?
Could you keep your eye out for my car keys?
Could you knock down the price if I buy two?
Could you leave us alone?
Could you lend me a hand?
Could you lend me a helping hand?
Could you lend me some money?
Could you lend me the book?
Could you lend me three thousand dollars?
Could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days?
Could you lend me your bike?
Could you let me see your notes?
Could you make time for me?
Could you move the chair a bit?
Could you open the window?
Could you pass me the salt, please?
Could you pass me the salt?
Could you pass the salt?
Could you perhaps translate that for me?
Could you please be quiet?
Could you please bring me a clean knife?
Could you please call me back tomorrow?
Could you please confirm the price by fax?
Could you please do me a favor?
Could you please do that for me?
Could you please explain what's going on here?
Could you please get the jar of peanut butter from the top shelf for me?
Could you please give this to Tom?
Could you please have a look at this?
Could you please help me?
Could you please hurry?
Could you please just calm down?
Could you please kiss a little bit more slowly?
Could you please lower your voice?
Could you please move out of my way?
Could you please move over to make some room?
Could you please overlook it this time?
Could you please park somewhere else?
Could you please pass me the pepper?
Could you please pass me the salt?
Could you please put that somewhere else?
Could you please repeat it slowly?
Could you please repeat that?
Could you please say that once again in French?
Could you please show me a camera that's cheaper than this one?
Could you please speak a little slower?
Could you please stop saying that?
Could you please stop singing?
Could you please take me back home?
Could you please tell Tom that I need his help?
Could you please tell Tom that I need to see him?
Could you please tell Tom to be quiet?
Could you please tell me again how many times you've been here?
Could you please tell me again why you are late?
Could you please tell me how tall you are and how much you weigh?
Could you please tell me how to do that?
Could you please tell me what that was about?
Could you please tell me what your cell phone number is?
Could you please tell me what's wrong?
Could you please tell me why your were late?
Could you please tell me why?
Could you please tell me your height and weight?
Could you please tell me your room number?
Could you please turn the radio on?
Could you please wait a minute?
Could you please wait just couple of minutes?
Could you please wait until I'm finished?
Could you possibly translate this for me?
Could you put my name on the waiting list?
Could you put these bags in the trunk?
Could you put these in a box?
Could you put this bag somewhere else?
Could you put this coat somewhere?
Could you put this report into Italian for me?
Could you put those bags in the car for me?
Could you put your cup on a coaster?
Could you read this for me?
Could you recommend a few French singers?
Could you recommend a nice restaurant near here?
Could you reduce the price a little?
Could you repeat that, please?
Could you repeat that?
Could you repeat the question?
Could you save me a couple of cookies?
Could you say that again?
Could you say that in plain English?
Could you send me a brochure?
Could you send someone up to make the bed?
Could you send this letter to Japan?
Could you sharpen my knife for me?
Could you show me how to start this machine?
Could you show me the way to the bus stop?
Could you show me the way to the port?
Could you show me the way to the station?
Could you show me the way to the train station?
Could you sign here?
Could you sign this?
Could you solve the problem?
Could you speak a little louder please?
Could you speak as slowly as possible?
Could you speak more slowly, please?
Could you spell it, please?
Could you spell your name, please?
Could you stand behind my car for a minute and tell me if my brake lights are working?
Could you suggest a good beauty parlor near here?
Could you survive alone in the wilderness?
Could you take a photo of me?
Could you take care of my dog for a while?
Could you take me as far as my hotel?
Could you take our picture?
Could you talk a little slower?
Could you tell me about Tom's eating habits?
Could you tell me how to call this number?
Could you tell me how to get to Park Street from here?
Could you tell me how to get to the ballpark?
Could you tell me how to get to the station?
Could you tell me how to get to the subway station?
Could you tell me how to get to your office?
Could you tell me how to use this washing machine?
Could you tell me my balance?
Could you tell me something about yourself?
Could you tell me the way to the port?
Could you tell me the way to the station, please?
Could you tell me the way to the zoo?
Could you tell me what's going on?
Could you tell me your name again?
Could you tell what he said?
Could you translate some sentences for me?
Could you translate that for me?
Could you translate this sentence for me?
Could you translate this sentence?
Could you turn down the TV?
Could you turn down the radio?
Could you turn it down?
Could you turn off the TV?
Could you turn on the light please?
Could you turn on your headlights?
Could you turn the volume down?
Could you use a little help?
Could you use my help?
Could you wake me up at the same time tomorrow?
Could you water my garden for me while I'm away?
Could you wrap them up separately?
Couldn't we cuddle, instead?
Couldn't you go someplace else?
Couldn't you have told me about that yesterday?
Count from 10 down to zero.
Count from one to a hundred.
Count from one to ten.
Count me in.
Count me out if you go bowling.
Count on it.
Count the apples in the basket.
Count to one hundred.
Count to ten.
Count to thirty.
Countless stars were twinkling in the sky.
Country life is healthier than city life.
Country life is very peaceful in comparison with city life.
Country people are often afraid of strangers.
Country roads aren't as crowded as city roads.
Court is adjourned.
Court's adjourned.
Cover the potatoes with cold water and bring to a boil.
Cover your head when you are in the sun.
Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.
Covered with dust, the doll stood in the corner of the room.
Cow's milk is tastier than soy milk.
Cows are considered sacred animals in India.
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.
Cows eat grass.
Cows give milk.
Cows give us milk and chickens give us eggs.
Cows give us milk.
Cows provide us with milk.
Cows spend hours just chewing their cud.
Cows supply milk.
Cows supply us with milk.
Cranes are big beautiful birds.
Cranes flying low indicate warm weather.
Creationism is a pseudo-science.
Creativity is the ability to combine known elements in a new and unusual way.
Credit companies send their customers monthly bills.
Creditors have better memories than debtors.
Cricket is a game that takes skill.
Crime does not pay.
Crime doesn't pay in the long run.
Crime doesn't pay.
Crime is on the increase.
Crime rates are the lowest they've been in decades.
Criminals should be punished.
Criminals should go to jail.
Croatia is in the southeastern part of Europe.
Crocodiles have sharp teeth.
Crocodiles, snakes, lizards and turtles are reptiles.
Cross out the incorrect words.
Cross the street.
Crossing that desert is dangerous.
Crows are smart birds.
Crows are smart.
Crude oil has been falling in price.
Cuban soldiers were guarding the streets.
Cucumbers, spinach, broccoli and onions are considered non-starchy vegetables.
Cuff him.
Culture is what remains after one has forgotten all the things one has learned.
Curiosity got the better of him.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Customers haven't complained.
Cut it in half.
Cut off the power.
Cut out the nonsense, will you?
Cut that out!
Cut the bell peppers into two-inch strips.
Cut the cake with a knife.
Cut the cloth diagonally.
Cut the engine.
Cut the melon into six equal pieces.
Cut the potatoes.
Cut the salmon into small pieces.
Cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult.
Cuzco is one of the most interesting places in the world.
DNA tests showed he was innocent.
Dad bought a camera.
Dad bought me a camera.
Dad goes fishing whenever he's free.
Dad is a hard worker.
Dad is coming home tomorrow.
Dad will return in a few days.
Dad's in an impatient mood today.
Dad's working.
Dad, do you believe in ghosts?
Dad, here's the coffee.
Daddy loves to say funny things.
Daddy, I can't walk any more. Carry me.
Daddy, can you read me a story before I go to sleep?
Daddy, let's make faces at each other and see who can keep from laughing the longest.
Daddy, may I go out and play?
Daily exercise is effective in overcoming obesity.
Damacus is located in Syria.
Dancing is not a crime.
Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit was born in 1686 in Danzig.
Daniel Webster also was there.
Darcy said nothing at all.
Dark clouds are a sign of rain.
Darkness is the absence of light.
Darwin developed the evolutionary theory.
Davis did not want civil war.
Day after day, the dog sat waiting for his master in front of the station.
Days pass by quickly when you're busy.
Days turned into weeks, weeks turned into months and, before we knew it, another year had passed.
Dead men tell no tales.
Deal is in the southeast of England, about 110 kilometers away from London.
Deal with it.
Dear Santa, I want a girlfriend for Christmas.
Death is certain, only the time is not certain.
Death is everyone's fate.
Death is inevitable.
Death is something that we're often discouraged to talk about or even think about, but I've realized that preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do. Thinking about death clarifies your life.
Death is the fate of all people.
Debtors are people who cannot re-pay money they owe.
Debts must be repaid.
December 24th is Christmas Eve.
December has thirty-one days.
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C++.
Declawing cats is forbidden in the European Union.
Defeated revolutions are forgotten quickly.
Defend yourselves.
Defensive driving can help you avoid accidents.
Degas was born more than 150 years ago.
Delegates from many countries participated in the conference.
Delete his name from the list of the applicants.
Delete his name from the list.
Delete that picture.
Delicious looking food doesn't necessarily taste good.
Deliver this message.
Delivery is not included in the price.
Delivery of goods is done after a month of placing the order.
Demand for imported cars is increasing due to lower prices.
Democracy is an idea that goes back to the ancient Greeks.
Democracy is one form of government.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
Democracy originated in Ancient Greece.
Democrats and Republicans worked together.
Dental care is expensive.
Dentists take x-rays to examine your teeth.
Denying a quality education to the children of working families is as wrong as denying health care or child care to working families.
Deposit this check in my checking account.
Depression is common among young adults who have Asperger syndrome.
Describe Tom.
Describe that accident in detail.
Describe your ideal breakfast.
Despair drove him to attempt suicide.
Despite a shortage of steel, industrial output has increased by five percent.
Despite everything, the world is still beautiful.
Despite repeated warnings, Tom didn't stop doing that.
Destroy this temple.
Detective Columbo is always in a frayed raincoat.
Detroit is dangerous city.
Detroit is famous for its car industry.
Developing political awareness takes time.
Diamonds are a girl's best friends.
Diamonds are forever.
Dickens was a very prolific writer.
Did I do something to offend you?
Did I do that?
Did I embarrass you?
Did I fall asleep?
Did I forget to mention that?
Did I forget to write the date?
Did I hurt your feelings?
Did I interrupt something?
Did I just say something stupid?
Did I keep you waiting long?
Did I lock the door?
Did I mention Tom was a doctor?
Did I mention that?
Did I mess up again?
Did I miss anything?
Did I miss something here?
Did I miss something this morning?
Did I miss something?
Did I miss the party?
Did I pass the test?
Did I say something wrong?
Did I say that?
Did I say too much?
Did I touch a nerve?
Did I understand that correctly?
Did I wake Tom up?
Did I win?
Did Mary knit gloves for you both?
Did Tom actually say that?
Did Tom answer all your questions?
Did Tom approve?
Did Tom ask about me?
Did Tom ask about us?
Did Tom ask you out?
Did Tom believe it?
Did Tom believe you?
Did Tom bite you?
Did Tom bribe Mary?
Did Tom buy it?
Did Tom call you?
Did Tom cause this?
Did Tom come here yesterday?
Did Tom come here?
Did Tom come home?
Did Tom come?
Did Tom confess?
Did Tom contact you?
Did Tom cry?
Did Tom die in that accident?
Did Tom die?
Did Tom do anything?
Did Tom do that?
Did Tom drown?
Did Tom eat anything?
Did Tom eat dinner?
Did Tom eat this morning?
Did Tom eat?
Did Tom enjoy it?
Did Tom escape?
Did Tom ever hurt you?
Did Tom ever mention a Canadian named Mary?
Did Tom ever talk about his father?
Did Tom faint?
Did Tom fall?
Did Tom find it?
Did Tom find what he was looking for?
Did Tom find you?
Did Tom forget to pay?
Did Tom forgive you for what you did last week?
Did Tom forgive you?
Did Tom get a chance?
Did Tom give a reason why he was going to be late?
Did Tom give you anything?
Did Tom give you something for me?
Did Tom give you that?
Did Tom go alone?
Did Tom go home?
Did Tom go to college?
Did Tom go, too?
Did Tom go?
Did Tom happen to tell you how he plans to do that?
Did Tom have a gun?
Did Tom have a plan?
Did Tom have any enemies?
Did Tom have any help?
Did Tom have dinner?
Did Tom have his dinner?
Did Tom help his mother yesterday?
Did Tom help?
Did Tom hit you?
Did Tom hurt anyone?
Did Tom hurt himself?
Did Tom hurt you?
Did Tom just leave?
Did Tom kill himself?
Did Tom kiss Mary?
Did Tom kiss you?
Did Tom know that?
Did Tom know?
Did Tom laugh?
Did Tom leave a suicide note?
Did Tom leave?
Did Tom lie to Mary?
Did Tom like Boston?
Did Tom listen to you?
Did Tom look busy?
Did Tom make it?
Did Tom make you cry?
Did Tom mean that?
Did Tom meet the criteria for passing this class?
Did Tom mention me?
Did Tom mind?
Did Tom need help?
Did Tom notice?
Did Tom object?
Did Tom pay, too?
Did Tom pray?
Did Tom purchase it?
Did Tom push you?
Did Tom really break up with Mary?
Did Tom really come back?
Did Tom really dance?
Did Tom really get into Harvard?
Did Tom really help you?
Did Tom really move to Boston?
Did Tom really say he thought I was smart?
Did Tom really say that?
Did Tom really want Mary to do that?
Did Tom reply?
Did Tom respond?
Did Tom say anything that might help us?
Did Tom say anything to you about what happened?
Did Tom say anything to you at all?
Did Tom say he loved you?
Did Tom say something?
Did Tom say thanks?
Did Tom say that?
Did Tom say what happened exactly?
Did Tom say what it was about?
Did Tom say what the meeting would be about?
Did Tom say where Mary might be?
Did Tom say where Mary might have gone?
Did Tom say where he went for his summer vacation?
Did Tom say where we should meet him?
Did Tom say where?
Did Tom say who he'd be coming with?
Did Tom say why Mary isn't here today?
Did Tom say why Mary went to Boston?
Did Tom say why he wanted to borrow the truck?
Did Tom say why he wanted to quit?
Did Tom say why he wasn't coming?
Did Tom say why?
Did Tom see anything?
Did Tom see that?
Did Tom see this?
Did Tom seem busy?
Did Tom seem upset?
Did Tom send you here to tell me that?
Did Tom send you?
Did Tom sing?
Did Tom speak French to you?
Did Tom stay long?
Did Tom stay?
Did Tom steal something again?
Did Tom succeed?
Did Tom surrender?
Did Tom swim?
Did Tom talk about it?
Did Tom talk to Mary?
Did Tom talk to you about Mary?
Did Tom talk to you about that?
Did Tom talk to you?
Did Tom tell anyone?
Did Tom tell someone?
Did Tom tell you about Mary?
Did Tom tell you how much he likes swimming?
Did Tom tell you where the party is?
Did Tom tell you who his wife is?
Did Tom tell you why?
Did Tom tell you?
Did Tom threaten you?
Did Tom try?
Did Tom use to play hooky?
Did Tom vote?
Did Tom win again?
Did Tom win the race?
Did Tom work for you?
Did Tom work there?
Did Tom yell at you?
Did Tom, by any chance, let Mary drive the car?
Did anybody else see it?
Did anybody follow you?
Did anybody see you?
Did anybody tell you anything about it?
Did anyone else notice this?
Did anyone follow you?
Did anyone miss me?
Did anyone see you come in here?
Did anyone tell Tom?
Did everyone agree?
Did he accomplish his goals?
Did he ask you to spy on me?
Did he come by bus or by train?
Did he fail again?
Did he get married when he was in Germany?
Did he go home yesterday?
Did he go to see Mary?
Did he have sandwiches for lunch?
Did he hit you?
Did he look like a doctor?
Did he pass the exam?
Did he propose any solutions?
Did he propose to you?
Did he say something?
Did he say that?
Did he show you the picture?
Did he sleep well?
Did he stay very long?
Did he tell you anything?
Did he tell you what to do?
Did he touch you?
Did it ever occur to you that I might want to stay in Boston for a few more days?
Did it not occur to you to close the windows?
Did it rain here yesterday?
Did it snow yesterday?
Did it work?
Did my father really die?
Did she come here to relax?
Did she ever confide in you about the problems she was having?
Did she have any weapons on her?
Did she hurt that kitten?
Did she mention the results of the exam?
Did she say it?
Did she say that?
Did she sleep well?
Did she write in her diary yesterday?
Did somebody call the police?
Did somebody get hurt?
Did somebody hit Tom?
Did somebody hit you?
Did someone die?
Did something happen at school today?
Did something happen between you and Tom?
Did something happen?
Did that accident really happen last year?
Did that really cost you three hundred dollars?
Did that really just happen?
Did that surprise you?
Did the Indians invent cigars?
Did the baby wake up?
Did the car look old?
Did the dog bark?
Did the glasses you found belong to Tom?
Did the interview go well?
Did the old man get lost in the forest?
Did the phone wake you?
Did the police arrest Tom?
Did the test results shock you?
Did the union participate in the demonstration?
Did they approve your project?
Did they come today?
Did they fire you?
Did they go to museum by bus?
Did they live here?
Did they say anything about what Tom did?
Did they say what happened?
Did they understand?
Did we do well?
Did we have any English homework due tomorrow?
Did we have any English homework that needs to be done by tomorrow?
Did we have it?
Did we wake you up?
Did you acquaint him with the fact?
Did you actually see the accident?
Did you advise the suspect of his rights?
Did you already do your homework?
Did you already know that?
Did you and Tom discuss a price?
Did you and Tom have a fight?
Did you and Tom have an argument today?
Did you and Tom have an argument?
Did you answer Tom's question?
Did you apologize to Tom?
Did you arrest Tom?
Did you ask Tom why he wasn't at the meeting?
Did you ask Tom why?
Did you ask the price?
Did you ask the waiter for the bill?
Did you behave today?
Did you believe Tom?
Did you break it?
Did you break the window on purpose or by accident?
Did you break up with Tom or did he break up with you?
Did you break up with Tom?
Did you bring a hair dryer?
Did you bring a towel?
Did you bring a weapon?
Did you bring it?
Did you bring rolls?
Did you bring the book?
Did you bring them?
Did you bring your family with you?
Did you bring yours?
Did you brush your teeth?
Did you buy Tom a dog?
Did you buy a house in Germany?
Did you buy a new car?
Did you buy a return ticket?
Did you buy a round trip ticket?
Did you buy anything to eat?
Did you buy everything we need for our party?
Did you buy her something for Christmas?
Did you buy it on the black market?
Did you buy juice?
Did you buy the medicine?
Did you buy this book?
Did you buy what I asked you to buy?
Did you call Tom?
Did you call anyone else?
Did you call him up yesterday?
Did you call me up last night?
Did you call me?
Did you call your friend in Canada?
Did you call?
Did you carry out your plan?
Did you catch any fish in the river?
Did you catch anything the last time you went fishing?
Did you catch the first train?
Did you catch the train?
Did you change your clothes?
Did you change your mind?
Did you check this?
Did you choose those songs yourself?
Did you clean your room today?
Did you clean your room?
Did you close the window?
Did you collect the money they owed you?
Did you come from a musical family?
Did you come here alone?
Did you come here to help me or not?
Did you consider other alternatives?
Did you cook this yourself?
Did you cut the paper?
Did you decide to go to Japan?
Did you do it by yourself?
Did you do it?
Did you do something you shouldn't have?
Did you do that purposely?
Did you do that?
Did you do this on your own?
Did you do what I asked you to do?
Did you do your homework by yourself?
Did you do your homework?
Did you do your work?
Did you double-check these figures?
Did you draw this yourself?
Did you drive when you were in Germany?
Did you drop it?
Did you eat all the bread?
Did you eat all your broccoli?
Did you eat all your vegetables?
Did you eat breakfast this morning?
Did you eat breakfast today?
Did you eat breakfast?
Did you eat chicken for lunch again today?
Did you eat my cookies?
Did you eat something last night?
Did you eat too much?
Did you eat your spinach?
Did you enjoy it?
Did you enjoy reading that book?
Did you enjoy that?
Did you enjoy the concert?
Did you enjoy the exhibition?
Did you enjoy the film?
Did you enjoy the game?
Did you enjoy the movie?
Did you enjoy your holiday?
Did you enjoy your winter holidays?
Did you enjoy yourself at the theater?
Did you even notice that Tom had left?
Did you ever call Tom?
Did you ever hear the like of it?
Did you ever talk to him?
Did you ever think you'd see Tom doing something like that?
Did you ever try?
Did you fall in love with her at first sight?
Did you feed the dog this morning?
Did you feed the dog?
Did you feel an earthquake last night?
Did you figure it out on your own?
Did you figure this out on your own?
Did you find Tom or not?
Did you find a doctor?
Did you find a job?
Did you find another picture?
Did you find any fingerprints on the wineglass?
Did you find anything else?
Did you find anything in the room?
Did you find out who's in charge here?
Did you find someone to help you?
Did you find the book interesting?
Did you find the book you were looking for?
Did you find what you were looking for?
Did you find your book?
Did you find your contact lenses?
Did you find your letters?
Did you finish your homework?
Did you forget something?
Did you forget to bring money?
Did you forget to buy eggs?
Did you forget to feed the dog?
Did you forget to lock the door last night?
Did you forget your wallet again?
Did you forget?
Did you get a beer?
Did you get a haircut?
Did you get a massage?
Did you get a reply from Tom?
Did you get an answer from Tom?
Did you get anything from Tom?
Did you get everything ready for tomorrow?
Did you get her letter?
Did you get home safe and sound?
Did you get hurt in the football game?
Did you get in touch with Tom?
Did you get in trouble with your parents?
Did you get in trouble?
Did you get me anything?
Did you get my email yesterday with the instructions?
Did you get my messages?
Did you get something to eat?
Did you get stuck in traffic?
Did you get that ticket from Tom?
Did you get the birthday card I sent you?
Did you get the message?
Did you get their letter?
Did you get wet?
Did you get your wish?
Did you give Tom my message?
Did you give Tom my phone number?
Did you give Tom something to eat?
Did you give it to him last year?
Did you give the children enough to eat?
Did you go anywhere during the summer vacation?
Did you go out last night?
Did you go straight home after school yesterday?
Did you go to Cairo or Alexandria?
Did you go to Harvard?
Did you go to Hawaii or Guam?
Did you go to London that day?
Did you go to school today?
Did you go to see a doctor?
Did you go to the art exhibition?
Did you go to the doctor?
Did you go to the last class?
Did you grade the tests?
Did you grow up near a beach?
Did you guys hear that?
Did you guys hear what Tom said on TV?
Did you guys see that?
Did you happen to be present when the accident happened?
Did you happen to bring a blanket?
Did you happen to hear what Tom and Mary were talking about?
Did you happen to meet him?
Did you have a good Thanksgiving?
Did you have a good meal at that restaurant?
Did you have a good sleep?
Did you have a good time this afternoon?
Did you have a good time yesterday?
Did you have a good time?
Did you have a nice Christmas?
Did you have a nice summer?
Did you have a piano lesson that day?
Did you have a pleasant trip?
Did you have anything to do with this?
Did you have breakfast?
Did you have fun in Boston?
Did you have fun with Tom?
Did you have something to do with this?
Did you have to get up very early this morning?
Did you have to rewrite the paper?
Did you have to share a bedroom with your brothers or sisters?
Did you have to wait long?
Did you have your photograph taken for the driver's license?
Did you hear about Tom and Mary splitting up?
Did you hear about Tom and Mary?
Did you hear about Tom's fight with Mary?
Did you hear about Tom's plans for the weekend?
Did you hear about the fire yesterday?
Did you hear about the time Tom tried to kill Mary?
Did you hear about what happened last night?
Did you hear about what's happened to Tom?
Did you hear about yesterday's fire?
Did you hear it too?
Did you hear something?
Did you hear that sound?
Did you hear that?
Did you hear the bell?
Did you hear the click?
Did you hear the news on the radio this morning?
Did you hear the noise?
Did you hear the roar of the lions?
Did you hear the thunder rumbling?
Did you hear what I said to Tom?
Did you hear what I said?
Did you hear what Tom said about Mary?
Did you hear what Tom said?
Did you help Tom?
Did you hire Tom?
Did you hit Tom?
Did you hug anybody?
Did you intend to kill Tom?
Did you invite Tom to dinner without telling me?
Did you invite Tom to dinner?
Did you invite Tom?
Did you invite him?
Did you just call me Tom?
Did you just hit Tom?
Did you just insult me?
Did you just say something to me?
Did you keep her picture because you still love her?
Did you keep your appointment?
Did you kiss Tom?
Did you kiss anybody?
Did you know Tom had a son?
Did you know Tom personally?
Did you know Tom was in there?
Did you know Tom well?
Did you know he bought a condominium?
Did you know him well?
Did you know him?
Did you know my father?
Did you know that Tom almost married Mary?
Did you know that Tom and Mary were dating?
Did you know that Tom doesn't have a driver's license?
Did you know that Tom had left town?
Did you know that Tom has three children?
Did you know that Tom was kidnapped when he was three?
Did you know that before?
Did you know that he bought a condominium?
Did you know that men can get breast cancer?
Did you know that rotten eggs float?
Did you know that the crane is a migratory bird and that it can lift up to one hundred kilograms?
Did you know that?
Did you know there was another Tom Jackson at this school?
Did you know this already?
Did you know this at the time?
Did you know this?
Did you know you are stronger than you think you are?
Did you leave a tip?
Did you leave the door open?
Did you leave the window open?
Did you let Tom drive your car?
Did you let Tom kiss you?
Did you lie to Tom?
Did you lie to your parents?
Did you like Boston?
Did you like it?
Did you like that?
Did you like the meal?
Did you like the movie we watched yesterday?
Did you like the movie?
Did you live here before?
Did you live here?
Did you live in Sasayama last year?
Did you lose your car keys?
Did you love Tom?
Did you love me?
Did you mail the letter yesterday or today?
Did you make coffee this morning?
Did you make coffee?
Did you make it?
Did you make that all by yourself?
Did you make that mistake on purpose?
Did you make the train?
Did you make this doll by yourself?
Did you make this yourself?
Did you manage to get any sleep?
Did you mean it?
Did you mean this?
Did you meet her?
Did you meet him?
Did you meet many interesting people at the party?
Did you mention my book?
Did you miss me?
Did you mistake the margarine for butter?
Did you murder Tom?
Did you not know that?
Did you notice any change?
Did you notify Tom?
Did you notify security?
Did you order the book?
Did you pass your math exam?
Did you pay for the book?
Did you phone Tom?
Did you phone me?
Did you plant this yourself?
Did you play baseball yesterday?
Did you play tennis yesterday?
Did you poison Tom?
Did you practice the piano this morning?
Did you propose to Mary?
Did you push the button?
Did you put Tom up to it?
Did you put a stamp on the envelope?
Did you put on some sunscreen?
Did you read it at all?
Did you read that thick book?
Did you read the article?
Did you read the book I gave you?
Did you read the book that won the prize?
Did you read the sign correctly?
Did you read the whole book?
Did you read them?
Did you read this morning's newspaper?
Did you really do that?
Did you really do this all by yourself?
Did you really eat everything?
Did you really expect him to tell you the truth?
Did you really plan to do this all yourself?
Did you really say that?
Did you really steal this food?
Did you really talk to Tom?
Did you really think I was Tom?
Did you really think I wouldn't learn the truth?
Did you receive my letter?
Did you receive my letters?
Did you receive my package?
Did you receive the letter?
Did you recognize your old classmate?
Did you remember to buy candles?
Did you remember to buy sugar?
Did you remember to go to the library?
Did you remember to pack the sandwiches?
Did you remember to thank Tom?
Did you remember to turn off the gas?
Did you remember to wear warm socks?
Did you request a seat by the window?
Did you reserve a room at the hotel?
Did you return Tom's books?
Did you say 30?
Did you say something?
Did you say thank you?
Did you say that I could never win?
Did you say that Tom is your friend?
Did you say yes or no?
Did you say yes?
Did you say you had a cat?
Did you say your name was Tom?
Did you see Mary's reaction when she saw the spider?
Did you see Tom leave?
Did you see Tom today?
Did you see a brown wallet around here?
Did you see a doctor?
Did you see grandpa's wheelchair?
Did you see her face?
Did you see her there?
Did you see him at the station this morning?
Did you see his face?
Did you see how he looked at me?
Did you see it?
Did you see my camera?
Did you see my father?
Did you see that small mouse?
Did you see that?
Did you see the Giants' game yesterday?
Did you see the accident with your own eyes?
Did you see the accident?
Did you see the eclipse yesterday?
Did you see the knife?
Did you see the lunar eclipse yesterday?
Did you see the new commercial?
Did you see the solar eclipse yesterday?
Did you see the sunrise earlier? It was really beautiful.
Did you see their faces?
Did you see what Tom did to Mary?
Did you see yesterday's episode?
Did you see yesterday's fireworks?
Did you see your friends last week?
Did you sew this by hand?
Did you shave this morning?
Did you shave yesterday?
Did you shoot Tom?
Did you show it to your parents?
Did you sign anything?
Did you sign?
Did you sleep OK?
Did you sleep enough last night?
Did you sleep well last night?
Did you sleep well?
Did you solve the problem?
Did you speak at all?
Did you speak to Tom about this?
Did you speak to Tom yesterday?
Did you speak to Tom?
Did you speak with Tom?
Did you steal it?
Did you stop Tom?
Did you stop at the red light?
Did you sue Tom?
Did you take Tom's advice?
Did you take a bath?
Did you take a shower today?
Did you take him back to your apartment?
Did you take him home?
Did you take the book back to the library?
Did you take these pictures in Germany?
Did you talk to Tom?
Did you talk to your wife?
Did you taste the rice?
Did you telephone him?
Did you tell Tom about Mary?
Did you tell Tom he could stay here?
Did you tell Tom that Mary did this?
Did you tell Tom that?
Did you tell Tom what we talked about?
Did you tell Tom when to come?
Did you tell Tom?
Did you tell on Tom?
Did you tell your sister to ask me out?
Did you think about it?
Did you think about our offer?
Did you think that I was joking?
Did you threaten Tom?
Did you turn off the gas?
Did you turn off the heater?
Did you turn off the stove?
Did you turn the stove off?
Did you two have fun?
Did you understand it?
Did you understand what I meant by that?
Did you understand what he had in mind?
Did you understand what he meant?
Did you understand what he said?
Did you use my knife?
Did you use to live here?
Did you visit the Tower of London?
Did you vote for Romney or Obama?
Did you vote for Tom?
Did you vote in the last election?
Did you vote yet?
Did you vote?
Did you wait for Tom?
Did you want to see me?
Did you want to sit down?
Did you warn Tom?
Did you wash your hands?
Did you watch TV last night?
Did you watch TV yesterday?
Did you watch the FIFA Womenâ€™s World Cup?
Did you watch the Oscars?
Did you watch the game?
Did you watch the movie?
Did you watch the soccer game on television?
Did you watch this evening's news?
Did you watch this movie?
Did you work yesterday?
Did you write anything in your diary today?
Did you write down Tom's number?
Did you write this book?
Did you write this fairy tale by yourself?
Did you yell at Tom?
Did your family come with you?
Did your mother make those?
Did your uncle let you drive his car?
Did your wish come true?
Didn't I ask you not to do that?
Didn't I mention that?
Didn't I say that?
Didn't I show you my new Mustang?
Didn't I tell you Tom wouldn't like it?
Didn't I tell you not to close the door?
Didn't I tell you not to leave your room?
Didn't I tell you so?
Didn't I tell you that you needed to study harder?
Didn't I tell you to close the door?
Didn't I tell you to take out the garbage?
Didn't I warn you?
Didn't Tom go to Mary's house?
Didn't anybody tell you that you didn't have to be here today?
Didn't he tell you who he was?
Didn't it occur to you to shut the windows?
Didn't that seem odd?
Didn't they teach you anything at school?
Didn't you ask Tom if you could borrow some money?
Didn't you get Tom's message about today's meeting?
Didn't you go out?
Didn't you hear a scream?
Didn't you hear her speaking French?
Didn't you hear the scream?
Didn't you hear the voice in the next room?
Didn't you just repair that three days ago?
Didn't you know that Tom could play the guitar?
Didn't you know that he passed away about two years ago?
Didn't you know that?
Didn't you know turtles lay eggs?
Didn't you like breakfast today?
Didn't you like the movie?
Didn't you miss anything?
Didn't you notice it?
Didn't you read the book?
Didn't you read the manual?
Didn't you read the sign?
Didn't you see the musical?
Didn't you tell me yesterday that you wouldn't be late today?
Didn't you visit the park?
Didn't you wear that yesterday?
Didn't you win the bet?
Didn't you write a letter to him?
Didn't you write him a letter?
Didn't your mother teach you to say thank you?
Didn't your parents give you anything?
Different experiences lead to different choices.
Different flowers bloom in each season.
Different people believe in different things, but there is only one truth.
Dig a deep hole.
Dilma Rousseff is the current President of Brazil.
Dinner is ready to eat.
Dinner is ready, Father.
Dinner is ready, so we can eat whenever we want.
Dinner is ready.
Dinner is usually not ready until six o'clock.
Dinner smells delicious.
Dinner will be ready by six-thirty.
Dinner will be ready soon.
Dinner will be served shortly.
Dinner's almost ready.
Dinner's ready.
Dinosaurs are animals that disappeared long ago.
Dinosaurs are now extinct.
Dinosaurs died out a very long time ago.
Dinosaurs once ruled the earth.
Dinosaurs used to rule the earth.
Diplomatic relations have not yet been established between Japan and North Korea.
Dirty drinking water can cause sickness.
Disconnect the plug.
Discretion is the better part of valor.
Discussing the matter further will get you nowhere.
Disorder prevails in the street.
Dissolve the tablet in a glass of water.
Divide the cake among the three of you.
Divide the cake among you three.
Divide the cake between you two.
Divide the money among you.
Divide the pizza in three.
Divide this among yourselves.
Divide this in half.
Divide this line into twenty equal parts.
Divide this line segment into twenty equal parts.
Do I curse too much?
Do I detect sarcasm?
Do I have a choice?
Do I have to answer all of the questions?
Do I have to answer in English?
Do I have to answer that question?
Do I have to bring my son to your office?
Do I have to change planes in London?
Do I have to dial the area code, too?
Do I have to do anything?
Do I have to do it over again?
Do I have to do it right away?
Do I have to do it right now?
Do I have to go now?
Do I have to go?
Do I have to leave a deposit?
Do I have to make a speech?
Do I have to open the window?
Do I have to pay in advance?
Do I have to take this medicine?
Do I have to wear a tie at work?
Do I have to write a letter?
Do I have to write in ink?
Do I know him?
Do I look fat in this dress?
Do I look fat?
Do I look like I'm having fun?
Do I look like a guy who wants to get married?
Do I look like an actor?
Do I look like an idiot to you?
Do I need a lawyer?
Do I need a tie?
Do I need an operation?
Do I need surgery?
Do I need to add salt?
Do I need to be at the meeting on Monday?
Do I need to change my diet?
Do I need to go there?
Do I need to pay in advance?
Do I need to set the table?
Do I need to transfer?
Do I owe you money?
Do I owe you something?
Do I really have to drink that?
Do I really have to give a speech?
Do I really need this?
Do I really need to tell you again?
Do I really remind you of Tom?
Do I smell bacon?
Do I sound in love?
Do I want to be able to continue working as a teacher?
Do Japanese eat a lot of fish?
Do Japanese people eat sushi every day?
Do Martians speak English?
Do Tom and Mary get along?
Do Tom and Mary know each other?
Do Tom and Mary know why you're here?
Do Tom's children get enough to eat?
Do a little work! You'll lose some weight.
Do all of you speak French?
Do ants have ears?
Do any of you have a pencil?
Do any of you know Tom?
Do any of you need medical assistance?
Do any of your friends play guitar?
Do as I say, and no one will get hurt.
Do as I say, not as I do.
Do as I say.
Do as I told you.
Do as he says.
Do as he tells you.
Do as you like.
Do as you please.
Do as you think fit.
Do as you want.
Do as your heart dictates.
Do cats dream?
Do come and see us again.
Do come and visit us.
Do come to the party.
Do do something this evening.
Do either of you know Tom?
Do everything at your own risk.
Do exactly as I say.
Do ghosts really exist?
Do it again!
Do it again.
Do it anyway.
Do it as you are told.
Do it at once.
Do it by all means.
Do it by yourself.
Do it for me.
Do it for my sake.
Do it now, Tom.
Do it now.
Do it once again.
Do it quickly.
Do it right away.
Do it right now, before you forget.
Do it right now.
Do it the way I told you to.
Do it the way he tells you to.
Do it this way.
Do it tomorrow.
Do it whenever you want.
Do it while you can.
Do it while you still can.
Do it with me.
Do it your way.
Do it yourself by all means.
Do it yourself.
Do kids like you?
Do me a favor.
Do men cry?
Do not attempt this at home.
Do not be shy. Your pronunciation is more or less correct.
Do not be so critical.
Do not do that.
Do not fear the unexpected, but be prepared for it.
Do not forget to meet me at the station.
Do not give in to those demands.
Do not let go of the rope till I tell you.
Do not look out the window.
Do not make a major problem out of a minor one.
Do not oversleep tomorrow morning.
Do not push that button.
Do not read while walking.
Do not say such foolish things.
Do not talk with your mouth full.
Do not tempt me.
Do not try to imitate her.
Do not turn off your computer.
Do not underestimate my power.
Do not use this product near a bathtub, sink, shower, swimming pool, or anywhere else where water or moisture are present.
Do one thing at a time.
Do people drink tea in your country?
Do people ever accuse you of being conceited?
Do people in Boston drink tap water?
Do people still actually use that word?
Do psychiatrists need psychiatrists?
Do slugs die if you put salt on them?
Do that for me.
Do the best you can!
Do the children go to school?
Do the children have enough to eat?
Do the police know about this?
Do the police still have Tom in custody?
Do the trains run on diesel oil?
Do these books belong to you or to me?
Do these paintings appeal to you?
Do they both understand French?
Do they have a computer?
Do they have money?
Do they know about us?
Do they like oranges?
Do they sell notebooks at that store?
Do tigers purr?
Do to others as you would have them do to you.
Do we even have a choice?
Do we have an extra one that Tom can borrow?
Do we have any French homework that needs to be turned in tomorrow?
Do we have enough chairs?
Do we have enough money to buy that?
Do we have enough time to finish this before Tom gets here?
Do we have one?
Do we have time?
Do we have to do this every day?
Do we have to go now?
Do we have to help Tom?
Do we have to lie flat on the ground?
Do we have to pay anything?
Do we know each other?
Do we know for sure it's Tom?
Do we know when they'll make their decision?
Do we need a Plan B?
Do we need a universal language?
Do we need a world language?
Do we need anything else?
Do we need special permission?
Do we need to do this again?
Do we need to wait for Tom?
Do we need to wait for her?
Do we really have to watch the news while we eat?
Do we really need it?
Do we really need to do that now?
Do we really need to leave now?
Do we really want to walk to Tom's house?
Do what I say.
Do what Tom says.
Do what Tom tells you to do.
Do what he says.
Do what he tells you.
Do what the doctor said.
Do what you believe is right.
Do what you have to do.
Do what you like.
Do what you think is best.
Do what you think is right.
Do what you want.
Do what your father tells you.
Do whatever he tells you.
Do whatever it is that he tells you to do.
Do whatever it takes.
Do whatever needs to be done.
Do whatever you like.
Do whatever you think is best.
Do whatever you want to do.
Do whatever you want.
Do whatever's required.
Do you accept Visa card?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept my offer?
Do you accept this card?
Do you actually feel sorry for Tom?
Do you actually like this?
Do you agree with Tom's recommendations?
Do you agree with Tom?
Do you agree with this?
Do you agree with what Tom wrote in his report?
Do you agree with what he says in the book?
Do you agree, Tom?
Do you agree?
Do you all feel that way?
Do you allow your children play in the street?
Do you already have a plan?
Do you also like doing crossword puzzles?
Do you always get up before six?
Do you always greet people that way?
Do you always help Tom with his homework?
Do you always wear green on St. Patrick's Day?
Do you annoy your brothers?
Do you approve of what she is doing?
Do you believe Judas betrayed Jesus Christ?
Do you believe Tom?
Do you believe global warming is the result of human actions?
Do you believe him?
Do you believe in God?
Do you believe in UFOs?
Do you believe in extraterrestrials?
Do you believe in fairies?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Do you believe in guardian angels?
Do you believe in life after death?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you believe in magic?
Do you believe in miracles?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
Do you believe in such things?
Do you believe in the existence of God?
Do you believe in the power of love?
Do you believe it now?
Do you believe me now?
Do you believe me?
Do you believe our destinies are controlled by the stars?
Do you believe that people are capable of change?
Do you believe that there is life after death?
Do you believe that women have a sixth sense?
Do you believe war will start?
Do you believe what he said?
Do you belong to the baseball club?
Do you buy that explanation?
Do you by any chance have some aspirin?
Do you call that a kiss?
Do you care for classical music?
Do you care what other people think about you?
Do you care what other people think?
Do you come here every day?
Do you come here every night?
Do you consider yourself a good guitarist?
Do you cry often?
Do you deny it?
Do you deny that you went there?
Do you deny that?
Do you disagree?
Do you do that often?
Do you do this all the time?
Do you do this every day?
Do you do this often?
Do you dream in French?
Do you drink alcohol?
Do you drink beer or wine?
Do you drink beer?
Do you drink coffee every day?
Do you drink coffee?
Do you drink green tea?
Do you drink tea or coffee?
Do you drink wine?
Do you dye your hair?
Do you eat a lot?
Do you eat at home or eat out?
Do you eat breakfast at home?
Do you eat breakfast every day?
Do you eat in the classroom?
Do you eat meat or are you a vegetarian?
Do you eat meat?
Do you eat out often?
Do you eat rice every day?
Do you eat rice in your country?
Do you eat seaweed in your country?
Do you enjoy it?
Do you enjoy living dangerously?
Do you enjoy living like this?
Do you enjoy losing?
Do you enjoy studying French?
Do you enjoy walking on the beach?
Do you enjoy working from home?
Do you even care?
Do you even know where the school is?
Do you even remember Tom?
Do you ever rest?
Do you ever think about the meaning of life?
Do you ever think before you open your big mouth?
Do you expect me to believe that?
Do you expect me to believe you?
Do you expect us to believe that?
Do you feel any pain in your stomach?
Do you feel at home anywhere?
Do you feel better today?
Do you feel better?
Do you feel birthdays are important?
Do you feel guilty?
Do you feel like eating something?
Do you feel like eating?
Do you feel like going out for a drive in the country over the weekend?
Do you feel like going out for a walk?
Do you feel like going swimming?
Do you feel like going to a concert?
Do you feel like having a bite to eat?
Do you feel like taking a walk?
Do you feel pain in any other part of your body?
Do you feel sick?
Do you feel sorry for Tom?
Do you feel tired?
Do you feel up to it?
Do you find French difficult?
Do you find Mary attractive?
Do you find me attractive?
Do you find me pretty?
Do you find me repulsive?
Do you find that annoying?
Do you fish?
Do you follow?
Do you get along well with your new classmates?
Do you get along with your boss?
Do you get enough sleep?
Do you get many visitors?
Do you get paid for this?
Do you get your boss a Christmas gift?
Do you go running every day?
Do you go shopping every day?
Do you go there by bus or by car?
Do you go there often?
Do you go to Boston often?
Do you go to church every Sunday?
Do you go to church?
Do you go to school by bus or by train?
Do you go to school by bus?
Do you go to school on foot every day?
Do you go to school on foot or by bicycle?
Do you go to school on foot?
Do you guys play on the same team?
Do you guys smoke?
Do you guys want something to eat?
Do you guys want to eat here?
Do you guys want to have some fun?
Do you guys want to read what I wrote?
Do you happen to have any photographs of Tom?
Do you happen to have the time?
Do you happen to know Tom?
Do you happen to know his name?
Do you happen to know the date of the exam?
Do you happen to know where Tom lives?
Do you hate me?
Do you have 5,000 yen you could lend me?
Do you have Bud Light?
Do you have Japanese newspapers?
Do you have Saturday off?
Do you have Stevie Wonder's new album?
Do you have Tom's address?
Do you have Tom's phone number?
Do you have a Christmas vacation in Japan?
Do you have a Facebook account?
Do you have a French dictionary?
Do you have a Twitter account?
Do you have a ballpoint pen?
Do you have a best friend?
Do you have a better explanation?
Do you have a bicycle?
Do you have a big family?
Do you have a bike?
Do you have a book written in English?
Do you have a book?
Do you have a boyfriend?
Do you have a camera?
Do you have a car?
Do you have a cell phone?
Do you have a cellphone?
Do you have a cheaper room?
Do you have a child?
Do you have a comb?
Do you have a complete set of Tom Jackson's works?
Do you have a computer at home?
Do you have a copy of the new schedule?
Do you have a copy?
Do you have a cough?
Do you have a course for beginners?
Do you have a crowbar in your toolbox?
Do you have a crush on Mary?
Do you have a crush on Tom?
Do you have a crush on my brother?
Do you have a daughter?
Do you have a dictionary?
Do you have a doctor or nurse in this hotel?
Do you have a dog?
Do you have a double room?
Do you have a driver's license?
Do you have a family?
Do you have a fever?
Do you have a fishing license?
Do you have a five-pound note?
Do you have a flashlight that I could borrow?
Do you have a friend named Tom?
Do you have a friend that can help you?
Do you have a girlfriend?
Do you have a guide map of the city?
Do you have a headache and a sore throat?
Do you have a headache?
Do you have a history of ear infections?
Do you have a home in Italy?
Do you have a hunting license?
Do you have a husband?
Do you have a large family?
Do you have a larger size?
Do you have a letter opener I can borrow?
Do you have a lighter?
Do you have a lot of time?
Do you have a map of Boston?
Do you have a map?
Do you have a match?
Do you have a menu in English?
Do you have a minute?
Do you have a mobile phone?
Do you have a moment?
Do you have a motto?
Do you have a name picked out for your baby?
Do you have a nickname?
Do you have a non-smoking section?
Do you have a pair of scissors?
Do you have a pen on you?
Do you have a pen?
Do you have a pencil?
Do you have a pet?
Do you have a phone?
Do you have a piece of paper I can write on?
Do you have a plan?
Do you have a points card?
Do you have a question?
Do you have a quiet place where you can do your homework?
Do you have a return ticket to Japan?
Do you have a roll of toilet paper?
Do you have a room of your own?
Do you have a room that's a little cheaper?
Do you have a rough idea of how long it will take?
Do you have a school uniform?
Do you have a shoehorn?
Do you have a similar proverb in French?
Do you have a similar saying in Japanese?
Do you have a sister?
Do you have a smartphone?
Do you have a snow shovel?
Do you have a solution?
Do you have a son?
Do you have a spare key?
Do you have a special menu for vegetarians?
Do you have a steady girlfriend?
Do you have a stomachache?
Do you have a table near the window?
Do you have a table with a view of the ocean?
Do you have a table?
Do you have a tatami room for ten people?
Do you have a tattoo?
Do you have a ticket?
Do you have a timetable?
Do you have a vacancy?
Do you have a vacant apartment?
Do you have a violin?
Do you have a website?
Do you have a wife?
Do you have an English dictionary?
Do you have an English menu?
Do you have an address?
Do you have an air conditioner?
Do you have an airplane ticket back home?
Do you have an alarm clock in your room?
Do you have an alibi?
Do you have an anger management problem?
Do you have an appointment with him?
Do you have an appointment?
Do you have an elevator?
Do you have an explanation?
Do you have an extra key?
Do you have any CDs?
Do you have any French magazines?
Do you have any French newspapers?
Do you have any French-speaking employees?
Do you have any ID?
Do you have any Japanese beer?
Do you have any Japanese magazines?
Do you have any Japanese newspapers?
Do you have any allergies?
Do you have any alternatives to the plan?
Do you have any apples?
Do you have any beer?
Do you have any beers from local microbreweries?
Do you have any better ideas?
Do you have any books in French?
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
Do you have any cash?
Do you have any cheaper rooms?
Do you have any children you haven't told me about?
Do you have any children?
Do you have any complaint about it?
Do you have any complaints?
Do you have any cough medicine?
Do you have any employees who speak French?
Do you have any evidence to prove him guilty?
Do you have any family in Germany?
Do you have any feedback for us?
Do you have any food?
Do you have any foreign books?
Do you have any further questions?
Do you have any good books for children to read?
Do you have any good news?
Do you have any grandchildren?
Do you have any grounds for thinking so?
Do you have any gum?
Do you have any idea how dangerous that is?
Do you have any idea how important your test grades are?
Do you have any idea how stupid I feel right now?
Do you have any idea what my life is like?
Do you have any idea what that is?
Do you have any idea what you're saying?
Do you have any idea what's wrong?
Do you have any idea where Tom might be hiding?
Do you have any idea where Tom might be waiting?
Do you have any idea where Tom might have put his camera?
Do you have any idea where Tom put the keys?
Do you have any idea where Tom went?
Do you have any idea where we are?
Do you have any idea who could be behind this?
Do you have any idea who did it?
Do you have any idea who that was?
Do you have any idea who would do this?
Do you have any idea who wrote this book?
Do you have any idea why Tom disappeared?
Do you have any idea why Tom gave it to you?
Do you have any idea why Tom is mad at me?
Do you have any idea why that might be?
Do you have any idea why?
Do you have any ideas about it?
Do you have any ideas on how we can make sure Tom sticks around until the job is finished?
Do you have any identification?
Do you have any money left?
Do you have any money?
Do you have any more questions?
Do you have any news?
Do you have any non-alcoholic drinks?
Do you have any objection?
Do you have any objections?
Do you have any one dollar bills?
Do you have any other questions?
Do you have any pencils?
Do you have any peppermint candy?
Do you have any pets?
Do you have any pictures of Boston?
Do you have any pictures of Tom when he was a kid?
Do you have any pictures of Tom?
Do you have any plans for Saturday?
Do you have any plans for the summer vacation?
Do you have any plans for the weekend?
Do you have any plans for tomorrow evening?
Do you have any plans for tomorrow?
Do you have any plans for tonight?
Do you have any proof?
Do you have any quarters?
Do you have any questions about the food?
Do you have any questions before we get started?
Do you have any questions for me?
Do you have any questions?
Do you have any red pencils?
Do you have any similar expressions in French?
Do you have any sisters?
Do you have any small change?
Do you have any soft drinks?
Do you have any sunscreen?
Do you have any supernatural abilities?
Do you have any tape?
Do you have any tattoos?
Do you have any tax-free articles?
Do you have any trouble with that?
Do you have any vacancies?
Do you have any vacant rooms?
Do you have any water?
Do you have anyone on your staff who can speak French?
Do you have anything against Tom?
Do you have anything cheaper?
Do you have anything else to say?
Do you have anything further to say?
Do you have anything hot to drink?
Do you have anything less expensive?
Do you have anything non-alcoholic?
Do you have anything on for this weekend?
Do you have anything to add?
Do you have anything to declare?
Do you have anything to do after that?
Do you have anything to eat?
Do you have anything to read?
Do you have anything to report?
Do you have anything to say regarding this?
Do you have anything to say?
Do you have anything to write?
Do you have attacks of dizziness?
Do you have beer?
Do you have better quality ones?
Do you have blankets?
Do you have bread for lunch?
Do you have brothers and sisters?
Do you have change for a dollar?
Do you have change for a fifty?
Do you have children already?
Do you have children?
Do you have difficulty losing weight?
Do you have drinks without alcohol?
Do you have enough information to go on?
Do you have enough money for the trip?
Do you have enough money to buy everything you need?
Do you have enough money?
Do you have enough time to do that?
Do you have enough time?
Do you have everything?
Do you have guests for dinner?
Do you have hard evidence?
Do you have it by any chance?
Do you have it with you?
Do you have it?
Do you have jeans in my size?
Do you have kids?
Do you have less expensive ones?
Do you have many friends here in Japan?
Do you have many friends?
Do you have many hobbies?
Do you have money?
Do you have much money with you?
Do you have one a little bigger than these?
Do you have one that is a little smaller?
Do you have one that's cheaper?
Do you have one-day tours?
Do you have one?
Do you have other family?
Do you have paper?
Do you have plans for tonight?
Do you have professional experience?
Do you have psychic powers?
Do you have rain gear with you?
Do you have rice?
Do you have school on Saturdays?
Do you have school today?
Do you have small change?
Do you have some buttermilk?
Do you have some dental floss?
Do you have some kind of hobby?
Do you have some money?
Do you have some wine?
Do you have something stronger to drink?
Do you have something that you want to say to me?
Do you have something to add, Tom?
Do you have something to add?
Do you have something to say?
Do you have something to write with?
Do you have somewhere to stay?
Do you have the latest version?
Do you have the most recent version of this software?
Do you have the remote?
Do you have the tickets?
Do you have them?
Do you have these shoes in my size?
Do you have this in a bigger size?
Do you have this in a larger size?
Do you have this in another color?
Do you have this in my size?
Do you have this jacket in different colors?
Do you have this shirt in black?
Do you have time for a cup of coffee?
Do you have time on Tuesday?
Do you have time the day after tomorrow?
Do you have time to come tomorrow?
Do you have time to help me?
Do you have time to help us tomorrow?
Do you have time to read the newspaper in the morning?
Do you have time?
Do you have to go now?
Do you have to go to school on Saturdays?
Do you have to make a speech?
Do you have to work on Sundays?
Do you have travel insurance?
Do you have tuna fish?
Do you have two books?
Do you have two computers?
Do you have work experience?
Do you have your driver's license?
Do you have your own room?
Do you hear me?
Do you hear something?
Do you hear that?
Do you hear the birds singing?
Do you hear what I'm saying?
Do you hit your children?
Do you intend to help Tom?
Do you keep a diary?
Do you know French?
Do you know Latin?
Do you know Tom personally?
Do you know Tom well?
Do you know Tom's blood type?
Do you know Tom's parents?
Do you know Tom's phone number?
Do you know Tom's plans?
Do you know Tom's real name?
Do you know Tom's secret?
Do you know a good dentist?
Do you know a good place to have lunch?
Do you know a good restaurant?
Do you know a good way to learn new words?
Do you know a quiet place we can talk?
Do you know all these people?
Do you know any doctors who speak Japanese?
Do you know any good restaurant around here?
Do you know any good restaurant near here?
Do you know any of Tom's friends?
Do you know any of the boys in this room?
Do you know anybody in Boston?
Do you know anybody who can teach my kids French?
Do you know anybody who speaks five languages?
Do you know anyone here?
Do you know anyone who hums while they work?
Do you know anyone who speaks French?
Do you know anyone who was on that ship that sunk?
Do you know anyone who's not on Facebook?
Do you know anything about Tom's childhood?
Do you know anything about Tom's parents?
Do you know anything about complex carbohydrates?
Do you know anything about his family?
Do you know anything about your family?
Do you know anything?
Do you know each other?
Do you know exactly where Hannibal crossed the Alps?
Do you know her at all?
Do you know her father?
Do you know her?
Do you know him at all?
Do you know him, by any chance?
Do you know him?
Do you know his brother?
Do you know his name?
Do you know his older brother?
Do you know how I can get there?
Do you know how Tom got that scar on his chin?
Do you know how busy I've been?
Do you know how dangerous that is?
Do you know how deep the water is here?
Do you know how deep the water is?
Do you know how embarrassing this is for Tom?
Do you know how it feels to lose an old friend?
Do you know how long they have been married?
Do you know how many people died in yesterday's plane crash?
Do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year?
Do you know how many people live in Australia?
Do you know how much it cost me?
Do you know how much it costs?
Do you know how much of a loss it was?
Do you know how much this means to me?
Do you know how my friends describe me?
Do you know how old I am?
Do you know how that could've happened?
Do you know how the accident happened?
Do you know how to contact Tom?
Do you know how to cook fish?
Do you know how to dance?
Do you know how to do this?
Do you know how to drive a car?
Do you know how to drive this thing?
Do you know how to drive?
Do you know how to fix this?
Do you know how to get in touch with Tom?
Do you know how to get there?
Do you know how to get to Tom's house?
Do you know how to get to our place?
Do you know how to get to the Hilton Hotel?
Do you know how to grind beef?
Do you know how to play mahjong?
Do you know how to pronounce this word?
Do you know how to ride a horse?
Do you know how to run this machine?
Do you know how to sew?
Do you know how to solve this riddle?
Do you know how to speak English?
Do you know how to speak French?
Do you know how to start a fire using just sticks of wood?
Do you know how to use a computer?
Do you know how to use a dictionary?
Do you know how to use chopsticks?
Do you know how to use it?
Do you know how to use this camera?
Do you know how to use this machine?
Do you know how to whistle?
Do you know if Tom can speak French?
Do you know if Tom has already eaten?
Do you know if Tom is here?
Do you know if he has a girlfriend?
Do you know if he's coming to the party?
Do you know if it's started snowing yet?
Do you know kabuki?
Do you know me?
Do you know much about music?
Do you know my father?
Do you know of a good French restaurant?
Do you know of a good motel in the area?
Do you know of an apartment I can rent that allows pets?
Do you know of any good restaurant near here?
Do you know someone we could trust?
Do you know something I don't know?
Do you know something about this?
Do you know that boy who's crying?
Do you know that guy?
Do you know that hotel?
Do you know that nice-looking girl?
Do you know that person?
Do you know that?
Do you know the answer?
Do you know the capital of Belgium?
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope?
Do you know the difference between silver and tin?
Do you know the family?
Do you know the girl standing by the window?
Do you know the man standing on the bridge?
Do you know the man staring at you?
Do you know the man who's staring at you?
Do you know the meaning of this word?
Do you know the name of this flower?
Do you know the reason why she is so angry?
Do you know the reason why the sky looks blue?
Do you know the reason?
Do you know them?
Do you know this man in the picture?
Do you know this part of the city very well?
Do you know this song?
Do you know this?
Do you know those people?
Do you know us?
Do you know what AMP means?
Do you know what I mean?
Do you know what PDF stands for?
Do you know what PKO stands for?
Do you know what Tom ate for lunch?
Do you know what Tom does for a living?
Do you know what Tom is doing now?
Do you know what Tom is doing?
Do you know what Tom is up to?
Do you know what Tom looks like?
Do you know what Tom's favorite color is?
Do you know what Tom's favorite food is?
Do you know what Tom's nickname was when he was a kid?
Do you know what UNESCO stands for?
Do you know what color she likes?
Do you know what day it is today?
Do you know what happened?
Do you know what happens to people that do that kind of thing?
Do you know what happiness is?
Do you know what has become of him?
Do you know what he has done?
Do you know what it is like to be really hungry?
Do you know what it is?
Do you know what it means when a man gives a woman expensive jewelry?
Do you know what it was?
Do you know what it's called?
Do you know what kind of flower that is?
Do you know what kind of flower this is?
Do you know what she said?
Do you know what that is?
Do you know what that means?
Do you know what they're called?
Do you know what this box is made of?
Do you know what this means for us?
Do you know what time it is?
Do you know what time that accident happened?
Do you know what time they came?
Do you know what to do with this?
Do you know what you need to bring?
Do you know what you need to do?
Do you know what you're asking?
Do you know what you're doing?
Do you know what you've done?
Do you know what's become of Tom?
Do you know what's causing the problem?
Do you know what's going on?
Do you know what's happened to Tom?
Do you know what's in that box?
Do you know what's in those containers?
Do you know what's wrong with Tom?
Do you know when Tom got his driver's license?
Do you know when Tom will be back?
Do you know when Tom's birthday is?
Do you know when he will come?
Do you know when his plane is arriving?
Do you know when she will come?
Do you know when they will arrive?
Do you know when they will be back?
Do you know where Boston is?
Do you know where I can find it?
Do you know where I live?
Do you know where Tokyo Tower is?
Do you know where Tom and his friends went?
Do you know where Tom bought his bicycle?
Do you know where Tom found the diamond?
Do you know where Tom got this?
Do you know where Tom has been the past three weeks?
Do you know where Tom is from?
Do you know where Tom is going?
Do you know where Tom is now?
Do you know where Tom is taking us?
Do you know where Tom is waiting for us?
Do you know where Tom is?
Do you know where Tom lives?
Do you know where Tom put his keys?
Do you know where Tom put the keys?
Do you know where Tom was born?
Do you know where Tom was hiding?
Do you know where Tom's car is parked?
Do you know where he lives?
Do you know where he went?
Do you know where it is?
Do you know where my glasses are?
Do you know where my key is?
Do you know where my recipe book is?
Do you know where my watch is?
Do you know where she is?
Do you know where she was born?
Do you know where she went?
Do you know where the police station is?
Do you know where we are?
Do you know where we live?
Do you know where we're going?
Do you know where your children are?
Do you know whether Tom can speak French?
Do you know whether she can speak English?
Do you know which barbershop Tom usually goes to?
Do you know which book sells well now?
Do you know which book she wants to read?
Do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to?
Do you know which one of those boys is Tom?
Do you know which road leads to my house?
Do you know who I am?
Do you know who Tom is hiding from?
Do you know who Tom killed?
Do you know who he is?
Do you know who he was?
Do you know who invented gunpowder?
Do you know who invented the Ferris wheel?
Do you know who invented the microscope?
Do you know who invented the telegraph?
Do you know who invented this machine?
Do you know who killed Tom?
Do you know who lives in that house?
Do you know who painted this picture?
Do you know who she is?
Do you know who sings that song?
Do you know who that guy is?
Do you know who that tall blonde girl in green is?
Do you know who the Japanese ambassador to France is?
Do you know who they are?
Do you know who this belongs to?
Do you know who this car here belongs to?
Do you know who those people are?
Do you know who wrote this book?
Do you know who wrote this novel?
Do you know who youâ€™re talking to?
Do you know whose car this is?
Do you know whose handwriting this is?
Do you know whose this is?
Do you know why I'm here?
Do you know why Tom did it?
Do you know why Tom doesn't want me to sit next to him?
Do you know why Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us?
Do you know why Tom is absent from school?
Do you know why Tom wouldn't go to Boston with me?
Do you know why he couldn't come?
Do you know why he has been absent from school?
Do you know why he wasn't at school?
Do you know why she couldn't come?
Do you know why she's jealous of me?
Do you know why she's so angry?
Do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls?
Do you know why that happens?
Do you know why the sky is blue?
Do you know why you're here?
Do you know why?
Do you know your blood type?
Do you know your license plate number?
Do you know your size?
Do you know your strengths and weaknesses?
Do you let your children drink coffee?
Do you let your children play in the street?
Do you let your dog run free or do you walk him on a lead?
Do you like Boston?
Do you like Canadian bacon?
Do you like Celtic music?
Do you like China?
Do you like Earl Grey tea?
Do you like English?
Do you like French literature?
Do you like French wine?
Do you like French wines?
Do you like French?
Do you like IKEA furniture?
Do you like Japanese food?
Do you like Moscow?
Do you like Mozart's music?
Do you like Mozart?
Do you like Renaissance art?
Do you like San Francisco?
Do you like Tom's tattoo?
Do you like Tom's tattoos?
Do you like Wagner?
Do you like any of these pictures?
Do you like apples?
Do you like baseball?
Do you like being famous?
Do you like black cats?
Do you like bowling?
Do you like broccoli?
Do you like bugs?
Do you like camomile tea?
Do you like cats?
Do you like chocolate milk?
Do you like coffee?
Do you like cooking?
Do you like dancing?
Do you like dogs?
Do you like facial hair on men?
Do you like fish?
Do you like frozen yogurt?
Do you like fruit salad?
Do you like going to school?
Do you like going to work?
Do you like grits?
Do you like his songs?
Do you like it here?
Do you like it or not?
Do you like it then?
Do you like it when I do this?
Do you like it?
Do you like juice?
Do you like looking at yourself in the mirror?
Do you like looking in the mirror?
Do you like mashed potatoes?
Do you like movies?
Do you like music?
Do you like my clothes?
Do you like my friend?
Do you like my new clothes?
Do you like my new haircut?
Do you like my new shirt?
Do you like my new shoes?
Do you like pineapple drinks?
Do you like playing soccer?
Do you like playing volleyball?
Do you like pork loin?
Do you like pretzels?
Do you like rain?
Do you like rap?
Do you like red licorice?
Do you like root beer?
Do you like school?
Do you like science fiction movies?
Do you like singing?
Do you like smoked oysters?
Do you like spinach?
Do you like sports?
Do you like spring or autumn?
Do you like strawberries?
Do you like surfing?
Do you like sushi?
Do you like sweet tea?
Do you like swimming?
Do you like tea or coffee?
Do you like tennis?
Do you like that song?
Do you like the apartment?
Do you like the city?
Do you like the colors?
Do you like the frame on this painting?
Do you like the new school better?
Do you like the piano?
Do you like the poem I wrote for you?
Do you like the way the furniture is arranged?
Do you like the way you look?
Do you like this blouse?
Do you like this book?
Do you like this city?
Do you like this color?
Do you like this garden?
Do you like to cook?
Do you like to dance?
Do you like to exercise alone or with a class?
Do you like to live in the country?
Do you like to play games?
Do you like to sing?
Do you like to study?
Do you like to travel by yourself?
Do you like to travel?
Do you like to watch sports on television?
Do you like tofu?
Do you like tortellini?
Do you like white chocolate?
Do you like white wine?
Do you like writing?
Do you like your car?
Do you like your hot chocolate?
Do you like your teachers?
Do you live alone?
Do you live around here?
Do you live here?
Do you live in the city?
Do you live in this neighborhood?
Do you live near here?
Do you live nearby?
Do you live with your parents?
Do you look up to your parents?
Do you love each other very much?
Do you love each other?
Do you love him too?
Do you love me?
Do you love my brother more than me?
Do you love your mother?
Do you mean us?
Do you mind if I ask why?
Do you mind if I ask you a question?
Do you mind if I change the channel?
Do you mind if I come in?
Do you mind if I go back to sleep now?
Do you mind if I join you?
Do you mind if I open the door?
Do you mind if I open the window?
Do you mind if I take my shirt off?
Do you mind if I take off my sweater?
Do you mind if I turn down the TV?
Do you mind if I watch TV for a while?
Do you mind much?
Do you mind my sitting next to you?
Do you mind my turning on TV?
Do you mind their coming too?
Do you miss Boston?
Do you miss me at all?
Do you miss your friends?
Do you need a break?
Do you need a car?
Do you need a hand with your suitcases?
Do you need a lift?
Do you need a minute?
Do you need a visa to go to Australia if you have a British passport?
Do you need an ambulance?
Do you need an extra blanket?
Do you need anything else?
Do you need help with your makeup?
Do you need help?
Do you need me to give you some money?
Do you need me, Tom?
Do you need money?
Do you need more money?
Do you need more time?
Do you need much money?
Do you need my assistance?
Do you need our help?
Do you need some help there?
Do you need the keys?
Do you need this book?
Do you need to go?
Do you need to work on Sunday?
Do you not know who I am?
Do you object to my idea?
Do you object to smoking?
Do you often go shopping?
Do you often go to see plays?
Do you often go to town?
Do you often listen to audiobooks?
Do you often talk to yourself?
Do you often travel abroad?
Do you own a gun?
Do you plan on using that?
Do you plan to buy that car?
Do you plan to go abroad?
Do you plan to go to Tokyo by bus?
Do you plan to join us for a drink afterwards?
Do you plan to spend your summer vacation with Tom?
Do you plan to stay long?
Do you play a musical instrument?
Do you play any instruments?
Do you play any sports?
Do you play checkers with your grandmother?
Do you play golf?
Do you play soccer?
Do you play tennis well?
Do you play tennis?
Do you play the guitar?
Do you pluck your eyebrows?
Do you prefer Coke or Pepsi?
Do you prefer a male or female doctor?
Do you prefer blondes or brunettes?
Do you prefer for television shows to be subtitled or dubbed?
Do you prefer it when TV shows are subtitled or dubbed?
Do you prefer reading to cards?
Do you prefer subtitled or dubbed TV shows?
Do you prefer tea or coffee?
Do you prefer to go by train or bus?
Do you prefer white rice or brown rice?
Do you prefer white wine or red wine?
Do you promise not to tell?
Do you promise you won't tell anybody?
Do you read French every day?
Do you read Tom's blog?
Do you realize the danger you're in?
Do you realize what you're doing?
Do you really believe in ghosts?
Do you really believe that Tom is reliable?
Do you really believe that this guy is a magician?
Do you really care that much?
Do you really enjoy doing that kind of thing?
Do you really expect Tom to apologize?
Do you really expect Tom to arrive on time?
Do you really expect me to give you money?
Do you really hate Tom that much?
Do you really like it?
Do you really like your car?
Do you really live alone?
Do you really love me?
Do you really mean that?
Do you really need a car?
Do you really need that?
Do you really need to ask the question to know the answer?
Do you really need to go out in this kind of weather?
Do you really not know?
Do you really not remember me?
Do you really think I can help you?
Do you really think I should see a therapist?
Do you really think Tom is better than me?
Do you really think Tom will help us?
Do you really think Tom will let you do that?
Do you really think Tom's wounds are self-inflicted?
Do you really think that Tom can help us?
Do you really think that Tom will be able to help Mary?
Do you really think that could happen?
Do you really think that your plans are realistic?
Do you really think that's a good idea?
Do you really think that's fair?
Do you really think that's true?
Do you really think this is OK?
Do you really think this is a good idea?
Do you really think this is the time?
Do you really think you can learn to speak French fluently in three months?
Do you really think you can run as fast as me?
Do you really want Tom on your team?
Do you really want Tom to do this for you?
Do you really want a job in the same office as Tom?
Do you really want me to be frank?
Do you really want me to do that?
Do you really want me to give your computer to Tom?
Do you really want me to go there right now?
Do you really want me to leave?
Do you really want me to tell Tom about you and Mary?
Do you really want me to tell Tom that you were the one who killed his father?
Do you really want someone else to do it?
Do you really want to be here?
Do you really want to drop out of high school?
Do you really want to fight?
Do you really want to go back to Boston?
Do you really want to go to Boston again?
Do you really want to go to Boston with me?
Do you really want to go to Germany?
Do you really want to have children?
Do you really want to have kids?
Do you really want to know the truth?
Do you really want to know what I think?
Do you really want to know what happened?
Do you really want to know?
Do you really want to lead this kind of life?
Do you really want to learn another language?
Do you really want to risk it?
Do you really want to risk that?
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life in prison?
Do you really want to stay here for a week?
Do you really want to stay young forever?
Do you really want to talk about that now?
Do you really want to wait till Tom shows up?
Do you recognize any of this jewelry?
Do you recognize it?
Do you recognize my voice?
Do you recognize the man in this photo?
Do you recognize this T-shirt?
Do you recognize this handwriting?
Do you recycle?
Do you regard the situation as serious?
Do you regret getting that tattoo?
Do you remember all of their names?
Do you remember his name?
Do you remember how it felt when the same thing happened to you?
Do you remember how slow the Internet used to be?
Do you remember how we met?
Do you remember me?
Do you remember meeting me before?
Do you remember my name?
Do you remember our meetings?
Do you remember seeing me before?
Do you remember the day this picture was taken?
Do you remember the day when we first met?
Do you remember the first time I came here?
Do you remember the name of the paramedic that saved my life?
Do you remember the name of your first French teacher?
Do you remember the time we went to the zoo together when we were kids?
Do you remember the town where he was born?
Do you remember us?
Do you remember what I taught you?
Do you remember what Tom said?
Do you remember what Tom was wearing?
Do you remember what she said?
Do you remember what the girl who was with me last night was wearing?
Do you remember what you did last Friday?
Do you remember what you said to me?
Do you remember what you said?
Do you remember what you were watching?
Do you remember when I saw you last?
Do you remember when Tom said that?
Do you remember when we first met?
Do you remember when you last saw Tom?
Do you remember who I am?
Do you remember your first kiss?
Do you remember your grandfather?
Do you remember your passport number?
Do you remember?
Do you resent my being here?
Do you run every day?
Do you see a rose?
Do you see any policeman over there?
Do you see any similarities?
Do you see anybody?
Do you see anything you like?
Do you see anything?
Do you see him often?
Do you see me?
Do you see my point?
Do you see people in the park?
Do you see that house? It's mine.
Do you see that house? That's my house.
Do you see that?
Do you see the bird on the telephone wire?
Do you see the entrance of the park?
Do you see the portrait?
Do you see what I mean?
Do you sell French newspapers?
Do you sell a lot of those?
Do you sell batteries?
Do you sell formal wear?
Do you sell fruit?
Do you sell mineral water?
Do you serve any sugar-free beverages?
Do you shave every day?
Do you shave every morning?
Do you shave your legs?
Do you shower every day?
Do you smell something?
Do you smell that?
Do you smoke?
Do you sometimes go abroad on your holidays?
Do you sometimes wear Tom's clothes?
Do you speak Albanian?
Do you speak Bulgarian?
Do you speak Catalan?
Do you speak Chinese well?
Do you speak Chinese?
Do you speak English?
Do you speak French every day?
Do you speak French well?
Do you speak French?
Do you speak Japanese?
Do you speak Latin?
Do you speak Spanish?
Do you speak Swahili?
Do you speak Swedish?
Do you speak my language?
Do you speak the same language to your father that you speak to your mother?
Do you spend more time with your friends or with your family?
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much?
Do you still believe Tom?
Do you still collect stamps?
Do you still drink your coffee black?
Do you still feel something for me?
Do you still hate French?
Do you still have a headache?
Do you still have all your teeth?
Do you still have family in Boston?
Do you still have feelings for her?
Do you still have feelings for him?
Do you still have it?
Do you still love Tom?
Do you still love him?
Do you still love me?
Do you still love your wife?
Do you still need a babysitter for Monday night?
Do you still need my assistance?
Do you still need my help?
Do you still need our help?
Do you still play hockey?
Do you still play tennis?
Do you still remember your first plane trip?
Do you still suffer from headaches?
Do you still think it won't happen?
Do you still want me to give Tom your old computer?
Do you still want to be an officer?
Do you still want to buy your wife a car?
Do you still want to give me a hug?
Do you still want to go to the lighthouse?
Do you study English every day?
Do you study English?
Do you study French at school?
Do you study French every day?
Do you study French?
Do you study chemistry?
Do you study every day?
Do you suppose it will rain today?
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God?
Do you take me for a fool?
Do you take pride in your work?
Do you take travelers' checks?
Do you take work home with you?
Do you talk about us?
Do you talk to your cats?
Do you talk to your dog?
Do you talk to your plants?
Do you think Dad will change his mind?
Do you think English is difficult?
Do you think French is difficult?
Do you think I can get by with it?
Do you think I care what you think of me?
Do you think I care?
Do you think I don't care?
Do you think I don't know that?
Do you think I don't know what you did?
Do you think I haven't anticipated that?
Do you think I need to go?
Do you think I should do it?
Do you think I should go alone?
Do you think I should go by myself?
Do you think I should go up there?
Do you think I should write to Tom?
Do you think I still love her?
Do you think I talk too much?
Do you think I want this?
Do you think I'd be stupid enough to come here without a weapon?
Do you think I'd let that stop me?
Do you think I'll get the bike?
Do you think I'm an idiot?
Do you think I'm attractive?
Do you think I'm crazy?
Do you think I'm fat?
Do you think I'm handsome?
Do you think I'm joking?
Do you think I'm pretty?
Do you think I'm stupid?
Do you think I'm to blame?
Do you think I'm too tall?
Do you think I'm ugly?
Do you think I'm wasting my time?
Do you think Mary is attractive?
Do you think Mary is too fat to be a cheerleader?
Do you think Tom and Mary go to the same school?
Do you think Tom can be trusted?
Do you think Tom could be an alien?
Do you think Tom has a drug problem?
Do you think Tom has been brainwashed?
Do you think Tom is coming to the party?
Do you think Tom is dead?
Do you think Tom is going to agree to this?
Do you think Tom is guilty?
Do you think Tom is handsome?
Do you think Tom is in love with you?
Do you think Tom is innocent?
Do you think Tom is lying to us?
Do you think Tom is really sorry?
Do you think Tom is right?
Do you think Tom is talented?
Do you think Tom is unfriendly?
Do you think Tom is unreliable?
Do you think Tom killed himself?
Do you think Tom knows Mary is married?
Do you think Tom knows what happened?
Do you think Tom knows who we are?
Do you think Tom lied to us?
Do you think Tom likes Mary?
Do you think Tom likes me?
Do you think Tom really did this without any help?
Do you think Tom really meant what he said?
Do you think Tom told us the truth?
Do you think Tom wants to go to Boston with us?
Do you think Tom will come?
Do you think Tom will ever do that again?
Do you think Tom will forgive me?
Do you think Tom will go willingly?
Do you think Tom will like the concert?
Do you think Tom will succeed?
Do you think Tom would be able to pick Mary up at the airport?
Do you think Tom's behind what's happening now?
Do you think Tom's telling the truth?
Do you think animals have a soul?
Do you think anyone can see me?
Do you think anyone can see us?
Do you think fish can hear?
Do you think he did the job on his own?
Do you think he is dead?
Do you think he made that mistake on purpose?
Do you think he resembles his father?
Do you think he will like it?
Do you think he will like my gift?
Do you think he will like that?
Do you think her story is false?
Do you think in French?
Do you think in German?
Do you think it likely?
Do you think it means something?
Do you think it might not have been an accident?
Do you think it was Tom who did that?
Do you think it will fit here?
Do you think it will work?
Do you think it'll be difficult to finish reading this book in a week?
Do you think it'll be easy to find a job in Boston?
Do you think it'll be easy to find the kind of job you want?
Do you think it'll be that easy?
Do you think it'll fit?
Do you think it'll rain today?
Do you think it'll work?
Do you think it's a good idea to feed your dog table scraps?
Do you think it's dangerous for me to swim across the river?
Do you think it's dangerous to eat genetically modified food?
Do you think it's difficult to speak French?
Do you think it's funny?
Do you think it's going to rain tomorrow?
Do you think it's going to snow tomorrow?
Do you think it's worthwhile? I don't think so.
Do you think our climate has an influence on our character?
Do you think our team will win?
Do you think parents should punish their children when they lie?
Do you think people will make fun of me?
Do you think she can handle her staff?
Do you think she still loves me?
Do you think she will reach the top of the mountain?
Do you think she's attractive?
Do you think so?
Do you think something like that will repeat itself?
Do you think such a thing is possible?
Do you think television does children harm?
Do you think that I'm handsome?
Do you think that I'm not trying my best?
Do you think that I'm not trying?
Do you think that Tom is happy?
Do you think that could ever happen again?
Do you think that eating breakfast every day is important?
Do you think that fish can hear?
Do you think that handguns should be made illegal?
Do you think that he is equal to the task?
Do you think that it's wrong to date a guy who's 8 years older than you?
Do you think that might be part of the problem?
Do you think that money really matters to me?
Do you think that we'll find her house?
Do you think that will change anything?
Do you think that you can put your idea into practice?
Do you think that you would enjoy being famous?
Do you think that's fair?
Do you think that's possible?
Do you think that's true?
Do you think that's wise?
Do you think that's wrong?
Do you think the accused is really guilty of the crime?
Do you think the pond is frozen hard enough to skate on?
Do you think the road is wide enough for cars?
Do you think the situation will improve?
Do you think there is another answer to this difficult problem?
Do you think there's a chance I could get that job?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom knows Mary's phone number?
Do you think these letters are worth saving?
Do you think they suspect me?
Do you think they'll find him guilty?
Do you think they're coming after us?
Do you think this book is worth reading?
Do you think this is crazy?
Do you think this is funny?
Do you think this is interesting?
Do you think this is pertinent?
Do you think we can find someone to replace Tom?
Do you think we can help Tom?
Do you think we have any chance of winning?
Do you think we should abandon ship?
Do you think we should import rice from the U.S.?
Do you think we should just wait and hope it changes?
Do you think we should send for the doctor?
Do you think we will get there on time?
Do you think we'll have good weather tomorrow?
Do you think we'll have good weather?
Do you think we'll reach his house before noon?
Do you think we'll return before dark?
Do you think we'll win?
Do you think we're going to be rescued?
Do you think you can do better?
Do you think you can do that, Tom?
Do you think you can do this alone?
Do you think you can fix that?
Do you think you can fool me?
Do you think you can get away with this?
Do you think you can handle a few minutes alone with Tom?
Do you think you can make it to the party?
Do you think you could give me a paper bag?
Do you think you could help?
Do you think you could make a little less noise?
Do you think you could teach me to play the bagpipes?
Do you think you really know me?
Do you think you'd have time to help me learn French?
Do you think you'd like to live in Boston?
Do you think you'll be able to solve the problem by yourself?
Do you think you'll ever get married again?
Do you think you're better than me?
Do you think you're normal?
Do you think you're smart?
Do you think you're up to it?
Do you think you've made the wrong choice?
Do you think your car will make it?
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
Do you think your spouse spends enough time with you?
Do you translate lyrics?
Do you trust Tom yet?
Do you trust her?
Do you trust me?
Do you trust my judgment?
Do you two know each other?
Do you understand English?
Do you understand French?
Do you understand everything?
Do you understand her?
Do you understand how this happened to you?
Do you understand the difference?
Do you understand the mission?
Do you understand the risks?
Do you understand what I mean by that?
Do you understand what I mean?
Do you understand what I want to say?
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Do you understand what he's saying?
Do you understand what the problem is?
Do you understand what you have to do?
Do you understand what you're saying?
Do you understand what you've done?
Do you use a sponge when you take a bath?
Do you use aftershave?
Do you use all this stuff?
Do you use fingernail clippers to cut your toenails?
Do you usually eat more than five slices of pizza a month?
Do you usually have tea for breakfast?
Do you wanna go out with me tonight?
Do you wanna talk?
Do you want Tom punished for what he did?
Do you want Tom to wait?
Do you want a bite?
Do you want a car?
Do you want a cup of coffee?
Do you want a glass of water?
Do you want a lawyer?
Do you want a little cake?
Do you want a massage?
Do you want a second opinion? I can get another doctor to come here right away.
Do you want a spot of coffee?
Do you want another cup of coffee?
Do you want another one of these?
Do you want any of these flowers?
Do you want any?
Do you want anything to eat?
Do you want anything?
Do you want beef or pork?
Do you want breakfast?
Do you want fries with that?
Do you want fruit juice?
Do you want half of this cake?
Do you want him?
Do you want it or not?
Do you want kids?
Do you want me to answer?
Do you want me to ask Tom to do that for you?
Do you want me to beg?
Do you want me to believe that?
Do you want me to call Tom?
Do you want me to call an ambulance?
Do you want me to call the police?
Do you want me to come back?
Do you want me to come with you?
Do you want me to drive you home?
Do you want me to drive?
Do you want me to fix you up with him?
Do you want me to fix your broken shovel or don't you?
Do you want me to give you a hand?
Do you want me to go now?
Do you want me to go without you?
Do you want me to go?
Do you want me to help Tom?
Do you want me to help you do that?
Do you want me to help you find Tom?
Do you want me to help you or not?
Do you want me to help you up?
Do you want me to help you wash the dishes?
Do you want me to help you with the cooking?
Do you want me to help you with your homework?
Do you want me to help you?
Do you want me to leave the light on?
Do you want me to leave?
Do you want me to make coffee?
Do you want me to massage your shoulders?
Do you want me to open the box?
Do you want me to paint your fingernails?
Do you want me to pick up Tom after school?
Do you want me to pick you up?
Do you want me to put some flowers in your hair?
Do you want me to put this on the table?
Do you want me to read this out loud to you?
Do you want me to say that I'm sorry?
Do you want me to shuffle the cards?
Do you want me to sing?
Do you want me to take care of that matter?
Do you want me to teach you some swear words?
Do you want me to tell you what Tom did?
Do you want me to tell you why?
Do you want me to throw it away?
Do you want me to try it again?
Do you want me to turn on the light?
Do you want me to wait?
Do you want me to wrap it up as a gift?
Do you want money?
Do you want more ice?
Do you want my email address?
Do you want my help or not?
Do you want my honest opinion?
Do you want my opinion?
Do you want one of them?
Do you want small bills or large?
Do you want some bacon and eggs?
Do you want some candy?
Do you want some company?
Do you want some ice cream?
Do you want some more tea?
Do you want some of these fries?
Do you want some raisins in your oatmeal?
Do you want some scrambled eggs?
Do you want some soup?
Do you want something else?
Do you want something to drink?
Do you want something to eat?
Do you want something?
Do you want that warmed up?
Do you want the good news or the bad news?
Do you want the job or not?
Do you want the job?
Do you want the long version or the short version?
Do you want the rest of my sandwich?
Do you want this job?
Do you want this shirt?
Do you want to be a bartender all your life?
Do you want to be a flower girl?
Do you want to be my friend?
Do you want to be my girlfriend?
Do you want to be near Tom?
Do you want to be rich?
Do you want to become a father?
Do you want to buy a shirt?
Do you want to come along with us?
Do you want to come along?
Do you want to come inside?
Do you want to come over and play?
Do you want to come over and watch a movie or something?
Do you want to come over and watch a movie with me?
Do you want to come over for dinner tonight?
Do you want to come over to my house?
Do you want to come sit by me?
Do you want to come with us?
Do you want to dance with me?
Do you want to do it right now?
Do you want to do that again?
Do you want to do that?
Do you want to do this now?
Do you want to drink anything?
Do you want to drink tea or coffee?
Do you want to eat French, Japanese or Chinese food?
Do you want to eat anything?
Do you want to eat noodles or rice?
Do you want to eat?
Do you want to end up like Tom?
Do you want to find out?
Do you want to give up now after all the time we've put into this?
Do you want to give up?
Do you want to go again?
Do you want to go fishing with me?
Do you want to go for a swim?
Do you want to go grab a bite somewhere?
Do you want to go home now?
Do you want to go hunting?
Do you want to go on a trip with me?
Do you want to go out on a date with Tom?
Do you want to go out or stay at home? Either is OK with me.
Do you want to go out with me tonight?
Do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?
Do you want to go shopping with me?
Do you want to go someplace else?
Do you want to go somewhere else?
Do you want to go somewhere?
Do you want to go to the movies tomorrow?
Do you want to go to the zoo?
Do you want to go?
Do you want to hang out at my place?
Do you want to have some coffee?
Do you want to have sushi tonight?
Do you want to hear it?
Do you want to hear the truth?
Do you want to help me?
Do you want to install this free browser add-on?
Do you want to join them?
Do you want to join us for some drinks?
Do you want to kill me?
Do you want to know more?
Do you want to know the future?
Do you want to know the truth?
Do you want to know what I think is going on?
Do you want to know what happened to Tom?
Do you want to know what it means?
Do you want to know what's wrong?
Do you want to know where you made your mistake?
Do you want to know who I am?
Do you want to know who did this?
Do you want to know why I'm here?
Do you want to know why Tom isn't here today?
Do you want to know?
Do you want to learn to play guitar?
Do you want to leave it like that?
Do you want to leave now?
Do you want to leave with Tom?
Do you want to leave?
Do you want to look at it?
Do you want to look into it?
Do you want to play football with us?
Do you want to play hide and seek?
Do you want to play soccer with us?
Do you want to play tennis with us?
Do you want to play with me?
Do you want to rent your house?
Do you want to resign?
Do you want to risk that?
Do you want to save them?
Do you want to see a picture of Tom?
Do you want to see a trick?
Do you want to see her very much?
Do you want to see it?
Do you want to see more?
Do you want to see my cat?
Do you want to see my room?
Do you want to see some magic?
Do you want to see something cool?
Do you want to see the house?
Do you want to sing?
Do you want to sit in the front?
Do you want to sit next to the window?
Do you want to sit?
Do you want to sleep on the couch?
Do you want to spend the next ten years in prison?
Do you want to spend the rest of your life in jail?
Do you want to take a look at it?
Do you want to take one?
Do you want to take that risk?
Do you want to take that?
Do you want to talk about it?
Do you want to talk to me or not?
Do you want to talk?
Do you want to tell me anything about Tom?
Do you want to tell me what happened?
Do you want to tell me what this is?
Do you want to touch it?
Do you want to try again?
Do you want to try it?
Do you want to try?
Do you want to watch the baseball game on TV?
Do you want to watch this program?
Do you want to wear a kimono?
Do you want to work at a hamburger joint all your life?
Do you want us to leave the room?
Do you want us to leave?
Do you want us to take you home?
Do you want your coat back?
Do you want your friend back?
Do you want your money in coins?
Do you want your whiskey straight or should I mix it with water?
Do you watch TV every day?
Do you watch TV?
Do you watch television?
Do you watch the news every day?
Do you wear a kimono?
Do you wear glasses?
Do you wish me to repeat the question?
Do you wish to go?
Do you wish you could travel in space?
Do you work here?
Do you work there, too?
Do you work well under pressure?
Do you work with Tom?
Do you write in Arabic?
Do you write in French?
Do you write short stories?
Do you, by any chance, speak French?
Do your best and don't worry.
Do your best in everything.
Do your best!
Do your best, and you will succeed.
Do your best.
Do your children know French?
Do your children speak French?
Do your gums bleed?
Do your homework now.
Do your homework.
Do your own work.
Do your parents know about this?
Do your parents know that you're here?
Do your parents speak French?
Do your very best.
Do your work as you see fit.
Do your work in your own way.
Doctors recommend eating three meals a day.
Doctors recommend three meals a day.
Doctors refused to perform a second operation.
Doctors removed the bullet.
Doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in medicine.
Doctors suspect smoking has lot to do with cancer.
Doctors take an oath not to harm anyone.
Doctors were called to the White House.
Does Coca-Cola contain caffeine?
Does Coca-Cola have caffeine in it?
Does Europe have a common language?
Does French have a similar expression?
Does Germany share a border with Switzerland?
Does Mary have a boyfriend, yet?
Does Tom believe in magic?
Does Tom believe in miracles?
Does Tom complain about back pain often?
Does Tom drink coffee?
Does Tom dye his hair?
Does Tom enjoy it?
Does Tom get into the city very often?
Does Tom get migraines often?
Does Tom have a criminal record?
Does Tom have a crush on Mary?
Does Tom have a fever?
Does Tom have a girlfriend?
Does Tom have a hunting license?
Does Tom have a key to Mary's apartment?
Does Tom have a problem with that?
Does Tom have a secret?
Does Tom have a tattoo?
Does Tom have an older brother?
Does Tom have any brothers?
Does Tom have any family?
Does Tom have blue eyes?
Does Tom have gray hair?
Does Tom have long hair?
Does Tom have to stay home today?
Does Tom have to write the letter today?
Does Tom help Mary?
Does Tom know French?
Does Tom know he was adopted?
Does Tom know how to ride a horse?
Does Tom know we're here?
Does Tom know where I am?
Does Tom know where Mary is?
Does Tom know where Mary was born?
Does Tom know where Mary's house is?
Does Tom know why you don't like him?
Does Tom know why you weren't at his party?
Does Tom know why?
Does Tom know you work here?
Does Tom know you're here?
Does Tom know your boyfriend's name?
Does Tom like cheeseburgers?
Does Tom like his job?
Does Tom like his new job?
Does Tom like me?
Does Tom like to swim?
Does Tom like tomatoes?
Does Tom like you?
Does Tom like your new haircut?
Does Tom live far from here?
Does Tom live in Boston?
Does Tom make you happy?
Does Tom need anything else?
Does Tom need me?
Does Tom really believe that?
Does Tom really want me to come to his party?
Does Tom really want me to leave?
Does Tom really want to be left alone?
Does Tom really want to know?
Does Tom sound like a woman's name to you?
Does Tom speak French fluently?
Does Tom speak French?
Does Tom still live here?
Does Tom still live on Park Street?
Does Tom still owe you money?
Does Tom study French every day?
Does Tom suspect anything?
Does Tom understand French?
Does Tom usually write to you in French?
Does Tom want me to drive him to the airport?
Does Tom want me to go with him?
Does Tom want me to help him?
Does Tom want me to teach him French?
Does Tom want something?
Does Tom want this?
Does Tom want to go home?
Does Tom want to rest?
Does Tom want to sleep on the couch?
Does Tom wear boots?
Does Tom wear shoes indoors?
Does Tom work here?
Does a child's musical talent depend on heredity?
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America?
Does anybody else know about this?
Does anybody have a better idea?
Does anybody have a pencil?
Does anybody here have a bottle opener?
Does anybody here have a corkscrew?
Does anybody know him?
Does anybody know where Tom is?
Does anybody live here?
Does anybody remember why we decided to do this?
Does anybody want a beer?
Does anybody want these?
Does anyone actually sell leaded gasoline anymore?
Does anyone else use your account?
Does anyone have an antidote?
Does anyone have any questions thus far?
Does anyone have any suggestions?
Does anyone here know French?
Does anyone here speak English?
Does anyone here speak Esperanto?
Does anyone here speak French?
Does anyone here speak Japanese?
Does anyone in your family speak French?
Does anyone in your office speak French?
Does anyone know Tom's family name?
Does anyone know what really happened?
Does anyone know where I could find one?
Does anyone know where Tom is?
Does anyone know where Tom went?
Does anyone live here?
Does anyone on your team speak French?
Does anyone oppose the new plan?
Does anyone still have a question?
Does anyone want some more pie?
Does every boy have to learn cooking in your school?
Does everybody have a pencil?
Does everybody want it?
Does everyone think it was me who stole the money?
Does he come here?
Does he go to school by bus?
Does he go to school on foot or by bicycle?
Does he go to work by bus?
Does he have a dog?
Does he have a girlfriend?
Does he have any brothers?
Does he have any children?
Does he have many books?
Does he have money?
Does he know how you feel?
Does he know me?
Does he know that you love him?
Does he like me?
Does he live here?
Does he live near here?
Does he need to run so fast?
Does he play the piano?
Does he speak English?
Does he still have a temperature?
Does he want to look at it?
Does he watch television every day?
Does it bother you if I smoke?
Does it even matter?
Does it get any better than this?
Does it have a distinguishing mark?
Does it hurt a lot?
Does it hurt here?
Does it hurt when you breathe?
Does it hurt?
Does it look bad?
Does it look cloudy today?
Does it matter to you what time we arrive?
Does it matter to you when we come?
Does it often snow in the winter here?
Does it rain there very often?
Does it really matter?
Does it show?
Does it snow a lot in the winter?
Does it snow in Boston?
Does it snow much in the winter?
Does it taste good?
Does it work?
Does money bring happiness?
Does my training qualify me to teach?
Does she come from the agency that sent the last temporary I had?
Does she have a boyfriend?
Does she have a hobby?
Does she have children?
Does she know you?
Does she know your phone number?
Does she know your telephone number?
Does she like oranges?
Does she play piano?
Does she play the piano?
Does she speak English?
Does she still have a temperature?
Does she work in the kitchen?
Does she work in this city?
Does someone here speak French?
Does someone here speak Japanese?
Does someone know where my son is?
Does that answer satisfy you?
Does that answer your question?
Does that belong to Tom?
Does that count?
Does that even work?
Does that float your boat?
Does that frighten you?
Does that guy look familiar to you?
Does that help?
Does that include everything?
Does that make a difference?
Does that make any sense?
Does that make it clearer?
Does that make sense?
Does that make you happy?
Does that make you sad?
Does that mean I'm in trouble?
Does that mean something?
Does that mean we're in trouble?
Does that mean you want to break up?
Does that mean you won't come?
Does that mean you'll stay?
Does that meet with your approval?
Does that price include breakfast?
Does that price include soup and salad?
Does that price include tax?
Does that satisfy you?
Does that scare you?
Does that suggest something to you?
Does that surprise you?
Does the amount of rain affect the growth of crops?
Does the bus stop here?
Does the gentleman know whose car this is?
Does the gentleman speak Turkish?
Does the hat fit well?
Does the medicine act quickly?
Does the price include breakfast?
Does the room have a bath?
Does the room have air conditioning?
Does the story have a happy ending?
Does the term self-preservation mean anything to you?
Does this book belong to you?
Does this bus go to the Hilton Hotel?
Does this bus go to the beach?
Does this bus go to the museum?
Does this bus go to the train station?
Does this cap belong to you?
Does this club have a live band, or is there a DJ?
Does this count?
Does this dress look OK on me?
Does this dress look good on me?
Does this dress make me look fat?
Does this have anything to do with Tom?
Does this hurt?
Does this look good on me?
Does this look pink to you?
Does this make any sense to you?
Does this mean that we have to file bankruptcy?
Does this mean that you don't love me anymore?
Does this mean that you love me?
Does this medicine work quickly?
Does this not please you?
Does this really work?
Does this ring a bell?
Does this sound stupid?
Does this spider bite?
Does this suitcase bother you?
Does this thing work?
Does this train have a sleeping car?
Does this window open?
Does truth matter?
Does what you do make you happy?
Does your country have nuclear weapons?
Does your dog bite?
Does your father know?
Does your friend like tea?
Does your head still ache?
Does your mother know?
Does your sister have children?
Does your stomach hurt?
Does your throat hurt?
Does your watch keep good time?
Does your wife know?
Does your wife work?
Doesn't Tom ever do that?
Doesn't Tom ever wear a watch?
Doesn't Tom like girls?
Doesn't Tom look good?
Doesn't Tom look handsome?
Doesn't Tom sometimes do that?
Doesn't Tom take care of all this stuff now?
Doesn't Tom want to do that?
Doesn't anyone care?
Doesn't anyone know how long we are going to be here?
Doesn't anyone want to know why we're here?
Doesn't it taste good?
Doesn't that just make you angry?
Doesn't that look fun?
Doesn't that make sense?
Doesn't that mean anything?
Doesn't that prove something?
Doesn't that smell great?
Doesn't that sound good?
Doesn't that sound serious?
Dog is man's best friend.
Dogs are barking.
Dogs are faithful animals.
Dogs are faithful.
Dogs are loyal animals.
Dogs are smart.
Dogs bark.
Dogs breathe approximately 30 times a minute.
Dogs can see in the dark.
Dogs can swim.
Dogs can't distinguish between colors.
Dogs have a keen sense of smell.
Dogs like playing with other dogs.
Dogs like retrieving balls.
Dogs like squeaky toys.
Dogs often bury bones.
Dogs see in black and white.
Dogs that bark a lot usually aren't dangerous.
Doing homework is extremely boring.
Doing that won't solve anything.
Doing that wouldn't be right, would it?
Doing that wouldn't have changed anything.
Dolphins and whales are not fish.
Dolphins are curious.
Dolphins are good swimmers.
Dolphins are very intelligent animals.
Don't I get a goodbye kiss?
Don't I owe you something?
Don't accept drinks from strangers.
Don't accuse him of that.
Don't act like a know-it-all.
Don't act like you don't know how to dance.
Don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about.
Don't act like you know everything.
Don't act surprised.
Don't add sentences from copyrighted sources.
Don't admit anything.
Don't always take sides with him.
Don't answer me back like that, Tom.
Don't apologize.
Don't argue with a woman when she's tired.
Don't ask Tom. He doesn't know anything.
Don't ask for money.
Don't ask her any questions about her marriage.
Don't ask me such a hard question.
Don't ask me such difficult questions.
Don't ask me that again.
Don't ask me to choose between you and my children.
Don't ask me to do that.
Don't ask me to do this.
Don't ask me what it was.
Don't ask me what that is.
Don't ask me why.
Don't ask me.
Don't ask me. Ask Tom.
Don't ask questions, just come with me.
Don't ask questions, just do it.
Don't ask questions. Just follow me.
Don't ask questions. Just follow orders.
Don't ask so many questions.
Don't ask them where they are going.
Don't ask too many questions.
Don't ask what they think. Ask what they do.
Don't ask.
Don't avoid my question.
Don't back up. There's a tree behind you.
Don't be a bad boy.
Don't be a cheapskate.
Don't be a chicken.
Don't be a coward.
Don't be a fool.
Don't be a snob.
Don't be a stranger.
Don't be a wallflower.
Don't be a wet blanket.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes.
Don't be afraid of seeing the doctor.
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes.
Don't be afraid to talk to him.
Don't be afraid to try new things.
Don't be afraid.
Don't be afraid. I won't hurt you.
Don't be alarmed.
Don't be an idiot.
Don't be angry.
Don't be controlled by your fear.
Don't be crazy.
Don't be cruel to animals.
Don't be deceived by appearances.
Don't be deceived.
Don't be disappointed.
Don't be discouraged.
Don't be fooled by her appearance.
Don't be foolish.
Don't be in such a hurry.
Don't be insolent.
Don't be insulted.
Don't be late for school again.
Don't be late for school tomorrow.
Don't be late for school.
Don't be late for the train.
Don't be late for work.
Don't be late to school again.
Don't be late.
Don't be long.
Don't be nervous.
Don't be noisy in this room.
Don't be offended. Tom's that way with everyone.
Don't be ridiculous!
Don't be rude.
Don't be sad.
Don't be scared.
Don't be shy.
Don't be silly.
Don't be silly. You know I love you.
Don't be so angry.
Don't be so glum about it. Life has its ups and downs.
Don't be so greedy or you'll wind up with nothing.
Don't be so greedy.
Don't be so hard on Tom. He meant well.
Don't be so hard on her. She meant well.
Don't be so hard on your son.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Don't be so impatient.
Don't be so lazy.
Don't be so mean to me.
Don't be so melodramatic.
Don't be so modest.
Don't be so negative.
Don't be so pessimistic.
Don't be so sensitive to criticism.
Don't be so shy.
Don't be so sure.
Don't be so suspicious.
Don't be stingy.
Don't be stupid.
Don't be too hard on me.
Don't be too hard on yourself.
Don't be too strict. They're just kids.
Don't be too sure.
Don't be upset.
Don't be worried.
Don't beat about the bush.
Don't beat about the bush. I want you to answer my question.
Don't beat around the bush.
Don't believe anything Tom says.
Don't believe anything he says.
Don't believe anything they say.
Don't believe everything you read.
Don't believe people who claim that they know everything.
Don't believe that. It's all a fairy tale.
Don't believe what she says.
Don't bite your nails.
Don't blame Tom for what Mary did.
Don't blame it on her.
Don't blame me.
Don't blame the messenger.
Don't blame the mistake on her.
Don't blame the victim.
Don't boast too much about that.
Don't bother denying it.
Don't bother getting up.
Don't bother me with such foolish questions.
Don't bother me with such trifles.
Don't bother me.
Don't bother seeing me to the door.
Don't bother taking an umbrella with you.
Don't bother to answer this letter.
Don't bother to call on him.
Don't bother to come to my house.
Don't bother to pick me up at the hotel.
Don't bother waking me up at 4:00 a.m. I don't plan to go fishing tomorrow.
Don't bother with what he said.
Don't break my heart.
Don't break the branches.
Don't bring sand into the bed.
Don't bring that dirty dog through the kitchen.
Don't bug me.
Don't burst my bubble.
Don't bury your head in the sand.
Don't buy that.
Don't buy things on credit.
Don't call Tom at his home after 2:30.
Don't call Tom that.
Don't call her now.
Don't call him now.
Don't call me again.
Don't call me anymore.
Don't call me so late at night.
Don't call me up after ten o'clock.
Don't catch a cold.
Don't challenge someone who has nothing to lose.
Don't change lanes without signaling.
Don't change the channel.
Don't change the subject.
Don't change your mind so often.
Don't change your mind.
Don't change your plans, whatever happens.
Don't chase after fame.
Don't cheat him.
Don't climb on this!
Don't climb up the wall.
Don't close your eyes.
Don't come again.
Don't come any closer.
Don't come complaining to me when it bites you.
Don't come here anymore.
Don't come in my room without knocking.
Don't come in.
Don't come into my room.
Don't come late, okay?
Don't come near me.
Don't come near me. I have a cold.
Don't come.
Don't compare your children with others.
Don't compare yourself with your brother because he's a better man than you.
Don't complain.
Don't complain. You have to go.
Don't complicate the matter.
Don't confuse desire with love.
Don't confuse opinions with facts.
Don't count on him to lend you any money.
Don't count on it.
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
Don't cross this bridge.
Don't cry over spilt milk.
Don't cry.
Don't cry. Everything will be OK.
Don't cry. Everything's going to be OK.
Don't cut down those trees.
Don't cut in with your remarks.
Don't cut it too short in the front.
Don't cut the cake with a knife.
Don't cut your classes so often.
Don't deceive him.
Don't deceive yourself.
Don't depend on it.
Don't depend on your parents too much.
Don't despise a man just because he is poorly dressed.
Don't die.
Don't disappoint me now.
Don't disappoint me the way you did the other day.
Don't disobey my orders.
Don't distract me while I am studying.
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.
Don't disturb me!
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Don't do anything rash.
Don't do anything silly.
Don't do anything stupid.
Don't do anything that you might regret later.
Don't do anything to attract attention to yourself.
Don't do anything yet.
Don't do anything you'll regret.
Don't do it again.
Don't do it! It's stupid and dangerous.
Don't do something stupid.
Don't do something you'll regret later.
Don't do that anymore.
Don't do the crime, if you can't do the time.
Don't drink and drive.
Don't drink any alcohol.
Don't drink anything.
Don't drink beer before going to bed.
Don't drink from the bottle, please.
Don't drink on an empty stomach.
Don't drink the water.
Don't drink too much champagne.
Don't drink too much, okay?
Don't drive under the influence of alcohol.
Don't drop the soap.
Don't dwell on your past failures.
Don't dwell too much upon the subject.
Don't eat between meals.
Don't eat from this plate and don't drink from that cup.
Don't eat like a pig.
Don't eat pork without cooking it first.
Don't eat so much. You'll get fat.
Don't eat that if you think it smells funny.
Don't eat too much.
Don't embarrass me.
Don't enter the room without permission.
Don't even get me started.
Don't even think about it.
Don't even think of asking me to lend you some money.
Don't ever come back here again.
Don't ever compare your wife to another woman.
Don't ever cross me.
Don't ever do it again.
Don't ever do that again.
Don't ever do this again.
Don't ever doubt it.
Don't ever give up hope.
Don't ever leave me alone with Tom.
Don't ever lie to me again.
Don't ever mention his name again.
Don't ever mention that again.
Don't ever talk to me again.
Don't ever talk to me like that again.
Don't ever think that.
Don't ever touch me again.
Don't ever touch me.
Don't ever touch my things again.
Don't ever wear that tie again.
Don't exceed the speed limit.
Don't expect any miracles.
Don't expect anything to happen too soon.
Don't expect everyone to agree with you.
Don't expect everyone to like you.
Don't expect too much of him.
Don't expect too much of me.
Don't expect too much.
Don't expose it to the rain.
Don't expose this chemical to direct sunlight.
Don't expose your skin to the sun for too long.
Don't fail me, Tom.
Don't fail to be here at 7 o'clock sharp.
Don't fail to call me as soon as you arrive there.
Don't fail to come here by five.
Don't fail to mail this letter.
Don't fail to write to me.
Don't fall for his old tricks.
Don't fall in love with me.
Don't feed the animals.
Don't feed the dog.
Don't feel bad. Tom didn't give me a present either.
Don't feel embarrassed. These things happen.
Don't feel sorry for Tom.
Don't fight it. Just let yourself fall in love with me.
Don't fix it if it ain't broke.
Don't follow me.
Don't fool yourself.
Don't fool yourself. He doesn't love you.
Don't forget about me.
Don't forget about us!
Don't forget anything.
Don't forget it.
Don't forget our date tomorrow.
Don't forget rule number seventy-two.
Don't forget that it's Tom's birthday tomorrow.
Don't forget that we have homework.
Don't forget to add me in.
Don't forget to attach your photo to the application form.
Don't forget to bring a camera.
Don't forget to bring the camera with you.
Don't forget to bring your student ID.
Don't forget to brush your teeth before going to bed.
Don't forget to call Tom.
Don't forget to call me up tomorrow.
Don't forget to call me.
Don't forget to charge your cell phone.
Don't forget to close the door.
Don't forget to count how many people attend.
Don't forget to flush the toilet.
Don't forget to go see Tom tomorrow.
Don't forget to go talk to Tom this afternoon.
Don't forget to include me in the count.
Don't forget to let the dog in.
Don't forget to mail this letter first thing in the morning.
Don't forget to mail this letter.
Don't forget to pick me up at 6 o'clock tomorrow.
Don't forget to pick me up tomorrow morning.
Don't forget to put on some sunscreen.
Don't forget to put out the fire.
Don't forget to remind Tom to feed the dog.
Don't forget to return the book to the library.
Don't forget to see me tomorrow morning.
Don't forget to send the letter.
Don't forget to spend a little time looking over your notes before the exam.
Don't forget to take a camera with you.
Don't forget to take along the camera.
Don't forget to take an umbrella in case it rains.
Don't forget to take an umbrella with you.
Don't forget to take out the garbage.
Don't forget to take your pills.
Don't forget to talk to him tomorrow.
Don't forget to tell Tom.
Don't forget to tip the porter for carrying your luggage.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before leaving the house.
Don't forget to turn off the light before you go to sleep.
Don't forget to vote.
Don't forget to wear a tie.
Don't forget to write me.
Don't forget to write the date.
Don't forget to write the zip code.
Don't forget to write to me.
Don't forget to write to us.
Don't forget we have to do our homework.
Don't forget who you are.
Don't forget your bag.
Don't forget your ice skates.
Don't forget your jacket.
Don't forget your money.
Don't forget your student ID.
Don't forget your stuff.
Don't forget your sunscreen.
Don't forget your things.
Don't forget your ticket.
Don't forget your toothbrush.
Don't forget your umbrella.
Don't forget.
Don't freak out.
Don't gamble with other people's money.
Don't get Tom's hopes up.
Don't get an upset stomach by eating too much.
Don't get angry.
Don't get any funny ideas.
Don't get any ideas.
Don't get any stupid ideas.
Don't get caught.
Don't get drunk.
Don't get fat.
Don't get in my way.
Don't get involved with that guy.
Don't get involved with those people.
Don't get involved.
Don't get me started.
Don't get me wrong.
Don't get mixed up in that.
Don't get nervous.
Don't get off the bus till it stops.
Don't get off while the vehicle is in motion.
Don't get on the train yet.
Don't get paranoid.
Don't get so excited!
Don't get that close to the fire.
Don't get your hopes up too much.
Don't get yourself involved in that.
Don't give Tom your number.
Don't give in to peer pressure.
Don't give in.
Don't give it a thought.
Don't give it to anyone.
Don't give me anything.
Don't give me that.
Don't give this to anybody.
Don't give up halfway.
Don't give up hope.
Don't give up on your dreams.
Don't give up the fight.
Don't give up!
Don't go away.
Don't go away. You're not bothering us.
Don't go back to sleep!
Don't go home yet.
Don't go in my room.
Don't go in there.
Don't go near the dog.
Don't go near the fire.
Don't go off without saying good-by.
Don't go out after dark.
Don't go out of your way.
Don't go so fast!
Don't go to extremes.
Don't go too far away.
Don't go too near the fire.
Don't go yet.
Don't go.
Don't go. Stay here with me.
Don't grow up to be like me.
Don't handle these tools roughly.
Don't hang up yet, please.
Don't harm them.
Don't help a woman in public. You'll look suspicious.
Don't help me. I want to do this by myself.
Don't hesitate to ask a question if you don't understand.
Don't hesitate to ask for advice.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand my explanation.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand.
Don't hesitate to ask.
Don't hesitate to tell me if you need anything.
Don't hide behind that.
Don't hide under the bed.
Don't hit me so hard.
Don't hold it upside down.
Don't hurt her.
Don't hurt him.
Don't hurt me.
Don't hurt my son.
Don't insult me.
Don't insult my intelligence.
Don't interfere in my affairs.
Don't interfere in other people's affairs.
Don't interfere in others' affairs.
Don't interfere.
Don't interpret their silence as obedience.
Don't interrupt me when I'm talking.
Don't interrupt me while I am talking.
Don't interrupt me while I'm talking.
Don't involve me in that matter.
Don't judge Tom too harshly.
Don't judge a man by the way he looks.
Don't jump to conclusions.
Don't just eat fish. Eat some meat, too.
Don't just stand around, lend a hand.
Don't just stand there, say something.
Don't just stand there.
Don't just stand there. Do something.
Don't keep all of your money in one pocket.
Don't keep bad company.
Don't keep company with him.
Don't keep me waiting here like this.
Don't keep me waiting.
Don't keep saying you're sorry.
Don't kid about that.
Don't kid yourself.
Don't kill me.
Don't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Don't kill the messenger.
Don't knock it unless you try it first.
Don't laugh at him.
Don't laugh at my failure.
Don't laugh.
Don't lean against the wall.
Don't lean against this wall.
Don't lean on your friends for help.
Don't lean out the window.
Don't leave everything to chance.
Don't leave here until you have done it.
Don't leave it up to chance.
Don't leave me alone.
Don't leave me behind!
Don't leave the TV on.
Don't leave the bicycle in the rain.
Don't leave the engine running.
Don't leave the room.
Don't leave the water running.
Don't leave the window open.
Don't leave them alone.
Don't leave town.
Don't leave us.
Don't leave valuables in your vehicle.
Don't leave your belongings unattended.
Don't leave your glasses on the table.
Don't leave your things behind.
Don't leave your work half finished.
Don't leave!
Don't let Tom eat this.
Don't let Tom escape.
Don't let Tom fool you.
Don't let Tom go outside today.
Don't let Tom near my kids.
Don't let anybody see you.
Don't let anyone else tell you otherwise.
Don't let anything stand between you and success.
Don't let appearances fool you.
Don't let children play in the road.
Don't let go of the rope.
Don't let go.
Don't let him answer the phone.
Don't let him approach.
Don't let him do it alone.
Don't let him down.
Don't let him fall.
Don't let him get away.
Don't let him hit his sister.
Don't let him know her address.
Don't let him listen to this music.
Don't let him press this button.
Don't let him put his feet on the table.
Don't let him read this.
Don't let him sit there.
Don't let him swim.
Don't let him switch off the light.
Don't let him switch on the lamp.
Don't let him take advantage of you.
Don't let him take his shoes off.
Don't let him take pictures.
Don't let him touch it.
Don't let him whistle.
Don't let his snide remarks get the best of you.
Don't let it get you down.
Don't let me catch you doing anything like this again.
Don't let me die.
Don't let me down like you did the other day.
Don't let me down.
Don't let me fall asleep.
Don't let such a good opportunity go by.
Don't let that dog come near me!
Don't let that happen again!
Don't let that happen again.
Don't let that man dominate you.
Don't let the cat escape. Close the door!
Don't let the cat out of the bag.
Don't let the children monopolize the television.
Don't let the dog in.
Don't let the dog sleep in our bed.
Don't let the enemy get close.
Don't let the fire burn out.
Don't let the soup get cold.
Don't let them get you down.
Don't let them intimidate you.
Don't let them win.
Don't let this chance slip by.
Don't let this information leak out.
Don't let this opportunity slip away!
Don't let this ruin your friendship.
Don't let us down.
Don't let your feelings show.
Don't let your imagination run wild.
Don't let yourself be used.
Don't lie to me again.
Don't lie to me.
Don't lie.
Don't lie. Be honest.
Don't light the candle.
Don't listen to Tom. He doesn't know what he's talking about.
Don't listen to Tom. He's lying to you.
Don't listen to her.
Don't listen to him.
Don't listen to him. He's just kidding.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
Don't look at him!
Don't look at me like that.
Don't look at me that way.
Don't look at me with such sad eyes.
Don't look at me!
Don't look at me.
Don't look back.
Don't look down on poor people.
Don't look down on the poor.
Don't look down.
Don't look for me.
Don't look for us.
Don't look into my room.
Don't look into the box.
Don't look only on the dark side of life.
Don't look so grim.
Don't look so hurt.
Don't look so sad.
Don't look so surprised.
Don't look.
Don't lose heart, Tom.
Don't lose heart.
Don't lose your purse.
Don't lose your sense of humor.
Don't lose your temper no matter what he says.
Don't lose your temper.
Don't make a decision right now.
Don't make a fool of me.
Don't make a fool of yourself.
Don't make a mistake.
Don't make a noise.
Don't make a scene in public.
Don't make a scene.
Don't make a sound.
Don't make a spectacle of yourself crying in the street.
Don't make abrupt moves.
Don't make an enemy of Tom.
Don't make any noise or you'll scare the birds away.
Don't make faces.
Don't make fun of Tom.
Don't make fun of children.
Don't make fun of old people.
Don't make fun of others.
Don't make fun of them.
Don't make me angry.
Don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
Don't make me answer that question.
Don't make me ask you again.
Don't make me blush.
Don't make me cry.
Don't make me do it.
Don't make me do that.
Don't make me go back there.
Don't make me laugh!
Don't make me laugh.
Don't make me mad.
Don't make me say it again.
Don't make me shoot you again.
Don't make me stay.
Don't make noise here.
Don't make noise.
Don't make noises when you eat soup.
Don't make promises you can't keep.
Don't make so much noise.
Don't make such a racket!
Don't make such a sour face.
Don't make the same mistake I did.
Don't make the same mistake again.
Don't make up your mind just yet.
Don't meddle in my affairs.
Don't meddle in other people's affairs.
Don't mention it, Tom.
Don't mention it.
Don't mention our plan to anybody.
Don't mention the matter to him.
Don't mention this to Tom.
Don't mess with Tom.
Don't mess with me, Tom!
Don't mess with us.
Don't mind me.
Don't miss the bus.
Don't miss this incredible opportunity.
Don't misunderstand me.
Don't mix energy drinks with alcohol.
Don't mock me.
Don't move from here.
Don't move or I'll shoot.
Don't move till I get back.
Don't move, or I'll shoot you.
Don't move, please.
Don't move.
Don't neglect your daily responsibilities.
Don't open the door no matter who comes.
Don't open the door.
Don't open the window.
Don't open this box.
Don't open this door, please.
Don't open your book.
Don't open your umbrella in the hall.
Don't overexert yourself.
Don't panic!
Don't panic.
Don't patronize me.
Don't pay any attention to him.
Don't pay any attention to what he tells you.
Don't pay any attention to what your father says.
Don't peek.
Don't phone her now.
Don't pick up that phone.
Don't pick up the cat.
Don't pick your nose.
Don't play ball in this room.
Don't play dead.
Don't play dumb. I know you.
Don't play games.
Don't play in the street.
Don't play in this room.
Don't play innocent with me.
Don't play with fire.
Don't play with matches.
Don't point your gun at me.
Don't poke fun at foreigners.
Don't pressure Tom.
Don't pretend what you don't feel.
Don't pretend you don't know what I'm talking about.
Don't promise anything.
Don't pry into the affairs of others.
Don't pull my sleeve.
Don't punish him for breaking the window. He is not to blame.
Don't punish the children.
Don't push your luck.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
Don't put any sugar in my coffee.
Don't put anything on top of the box.
Don't put books on the table.
Don't put it on my desk.
Don't put it that way.
Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
Don't put so much on your plate! You can always have seconds.
Don't put sugar in my coffee.
Don't put that in the bag.
Don't put that there. Somebody might trip over it.
Don't put the cart before the horse.
Don't put the glass near the edge of the table.
Don't put the saddle on the wrong horse.
Don't put the table so close to the wall.
Don't put your greedy hands on my money.
Don't put your hand out the window.
Don't put your hands out the window.
Don't raise Tom's hopes too much.
Don't raise my hopes like that.
Don't read my diary.
Don't read my journal.
Don't read what's in the envelope. Just give it to Tom.
Don't rely on him.
Don't rely on what he says.
Don't rely too much on others.
Don't rely too much on your guidebook.
Don't remind me.
Don't repeat that.
Don't resist us.
Don't respond.
Don't ride that horse. He'll throw you.
Don't rip me off!
Don't risk everything you've worked for.
Don't risk your fortune on that.
Don't risk your life for me.
Don't risk your neck over something foolish.
Don't rub it in.
Don't run across the street.
Don't run around in the room.
Don't run down the stairs so noisily.
Don't run risks.
Don't run so fast.
Don't run yourself down, Tom.
Don't run. Walk slowly.
Don't rush me.
Don't say another word.
Don't say anything to anybody.
Don't say anything!
Don't say anything.
Don't say bad things about others.
Don't say it in a roundabout way.
Don't say something you'll regret later.
Don't say stupid things like that anymore.
Don't say such a thing again.
Don't say such a thing.
Don't say such things.
Don't say that word ever again.
Don't say that.
Don't say things like that.
Don't say too much.
Don't scare me like that!
Don't scare the children.
Don't scold her. She's too young to understand.
Don't scream, or I'll scream louder.
Don't set foot in that neighborhood.
Don't shake the table.
Don't share this with anyone.
Don't shoot!
Don't shoot.
Don't shout at me. I can hear you all right.
Don't shout like that. I can hear you perfectly.
Don't show your face around here again.
Don't shut your eyes.
Don't sign the contract in pencil.
Don't sign the contract with a pencil.
Don't sing.
Don't sit down on the sofa.
Don't sit there. That's Tom's chair.
Don't sit too close to the TV.
Don't slam the door.
Don't sleep in the bathtub.
Don't sleep too deeply.
Don't sleep with the windows open.
Don't smile.
Don't smoke in bed.
Don't smoke in here.
Don't smoke in the toilet.
Don't smoke in this room.
Don't smoke so much.
Don't smoke while you are on duty.
Don't sneak out of the concert!
Don't sneak up on me like that.
Don't speak ill of the dead.
Don't speak in Japanese.
Don't speak so fast, please.
Don't speak so fast.
Don't speak to him like that.
Don't speak to me about Tom. We're on bad terms.
Don't speak unless you have something worth saying.
Don't speak unless you're spoken to.
Don't speak with your mouth full!
Don't speak with your mouth full.
Don't spend all your money on comic books.
Don't spend more than you earn.
Don't spend so much time watching TV.
Don't spend too much money.
Don't spill the beans.
Don't spill the soup.
Don't spoil your child.
Don't stand in my way.
Don't stand up.
Don't stare at me like that.
Don't stare at people.
Don't start anything you can't finish.
Don't stay around here.
Don't stay in the sun too long.
Don't stay up late at night.
Don't stick your nose into my personal affairs.
Don't stoop to Tom's level.
Don't stop here.
Don't stop him.
Don't swim in that pond.
Don't swim in the river.
Don't take Tom too seriously.
Don't take any unnecessary risks.
Don't take his remarks too literally.
Don't take it personal.
Don't take it personally.
Don't take it seriously.
Don't take it to heart.
Don't take me seriously. I'm only joking.
Don't take that too literally.
Don't take things so seriously.
Don't take things too seriously.
Don't take this the wrong way.
Don't take what Tom says at face value.
Don't talk about business while we're dining.
Don't talk about it anymore.
Don't talk about it in front of him.
Don't talk about it in my mother's presence.
Don't talk about people behind their backs.
Don't talk about this to anyone.
Don't talk about work. We're on vacation.
Don't talk about yourself like that.
Don't talk in the reading room.
Don't talk like that.
Don't talk nonsense!
Don't talk nonsense.
Don't talk so loud.
Don't talk to him about it.
Don't talk to him while he's driving.
Don't talk to me about Tom.
Don't talk to me like I'm a child.
Don't talk to me while I'm working.
Don't talk to me!
Don't talk to me.
Don't talk to the driver.
Don't talk to your mother like that!
Don't talk to your mother like that.
Don't talk to your mother that way.
Don't talk with your mouth full.
Don't talk!
Don't talk. They might hear us.
Don't tell Father about this.
Don't tell Tom I said that.
Don't tell Tom I'm coming.
Don't tell Tom about what we did today.
Don't tell Tom about what we plan to do next weekend.
Don't tell Tom anything.
Don't tell Tom what really happened.
Don't tell Tom what you've seen here.
Don't tell Tom where you live.
Don't tell Tom you're a cop.
Don't tell Tom.
Don't tell a soul.
Don't tell anyone I was here.
Don't tell anyone I'm here.
Don't tell anyone about this.
Don't tell anyone this.
Don't tell her about it.
Don't tell lies.
Don't tell me how to drive.
Don't tell me how to spend my money.
Don't tell me to calm down.
Don't tell me to shut up.
Don't tell me what to do.
Don't tell me what to eat.
Don't tell me you didn't know.
Don't tell me you don't know how to drive.
Don't tell me you still trust Tom.
Don't tell me you're not going to Tom's party?
Don't tell me, show me.
Don't tell my girlfriend.
Don't tell my mother.
Don't tell my wife.
Don't tell on me.
Don't tell them the truth, OK?
Don't tell your dad.
Don't tell your mother what you've seen here.
Don't tell your mother.
Don't tempt me.
Don't tempt me. I might just do that.
Don't thank me now.
Don't thank me. Thank Tom.
Don't they have anyone to look after them?
Don't think I didn't try.
Don't think I don't appreciate what you've done.
Don't think about it anymore.
Don't think about it. Do it.
Don't think you're going to get away this.
Don't threaten me.
Don't throw anything on the floor.
Don't throw away this magazine. I haven't read it yet.
Don't throw away your chance.
Don't throw stones at the dog.
Don't throw stones.
Don't throw that away.
Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater.
Don't touch anything without asking.
Don't touch anything.
Don't touch it.
Don't touch me again.
Don't touch me with your soapy hands.
Don't touch me!
Don't touch me.
Don't touch my camera.
Don't touch my guitar.
Don't touch my sandwich.
Don't touch my stuff.
Don't touch that blue button.
Don't touch that book.
Don't touch that button!
Don't touch that pan! It's very hot.
Don't touch that.
Don't touch the button.
Don't touch the flowers.
Don't touch the glass.
Don't touch the pot with bare hands.
Don't touch the wet paint.
Don't touch this!
Don't trample on the grass.
Don't translate this sentence.
Don't treat me like I'm stupid.
Don't treat me like a child.
Don't treat me like a dog.
Don't treat me like a kid.
Don't trust Tom.
Don't trust anybody.
Don't trust anyone here.
Don't trust anyone over twenty.
Don't trust anyone, not even Tom.
Don't trust anyone.
Don't trust him with such a large sum of money.
Don't trust him.
Don't trust what Tom says.
Don't trust what he says.
Don't try so hard.
Don't try this at home.
Don't try to be a hero.
Don't try to blame this all on me.
Don't try to change the subject.
Don't try to do all these things at once.
Don't try to intimidate me.
Don't try to make me angry.
Don't try to pull a fast one on me!
Don't try to stop me.
Don't underestimate Tom.
Don't underestimate her determination.
Don't underestimate his determination.
Don't underestimate it.
Don't underestimate me.
Don't underestimate my power.
Don't underestimate the incredible power of a simple smile and a kind word.
Don't underestimate us.
Don't underestimate your opponent.
Don't use all the hot water.
Don't use computer translation.
Don't use this bathroom.
Don't use up all the hot water.
Don't view opinions and facts as the same thing.
Don't wait for me for dinner.
Don't wait for me.
Don't wait.
Don't walk so fast.
Don't walk so fast. I can't keep up with you.
Don't walk so fast. We'll get there on time.
Don't wash your dirty linen in public.
Don't waste Tom's time.
Don't waste my time.
Don't waste too much time.
Don't waste your allowance on useless things.
Don't waste your time and money.
Don't waste your time doing that.
Don't waste your time on trifles.
Don't waste your time trying to help Tom.
Don't watch TV.
Don't wear yourself out.
Don't whistle at school.
Don't work too much!
Don't worry about it!
Don't worry about it, OK?
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it. Everything's going to be fine.
Don't worry about it. It's not your problem.
Don't worry about making mistakes.
Don't worry about me so much.
Don't worry about me.
Don't worry about money so much.
Don't worry about my dog.
Don't worry about others.
Don't worry about such a silly thing.
Don't worry about such a thing.
Don't worry about such a trivial problem.
Don't worry about that.
Don't worry about the baby.
Don't worry about the cost.
Don't worry about the past.
Don't worry about the result of your test.
Don't worry about the results.
Don't worry about the store. I'll lock up.
Don't worry about things that aren't important.
Don't worry about us.
Don't worry about what others say.
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.
Don't worry, Mom. He isn't particular about food. He eats anything.
Don't worry.
Don't worry. Everything's OK.
Don't worry. He doesn't understand German.
Don't worry. He knows what he's doing.
Don't worry. He may look intimidating at first glance, but he's actually a very friendly person.
Don't worry. I won't hurt her.
Don't worry. I won't let anything stop me from finishing the job.
Don't worry. I won't tell anyone.
Don't worry. I won't tell.
Don't worry. I'll be careful.
Don't worry. I'll get home safely.
Don't worry. I'll protect you.
Don't worry. I'll stay with you.
Don't worry. I'll take care of that.
Don't worry. I'll teach you how to drive.
Don't worry. I'm a doctor.
Don't worry. I'm sure Tom will understand.
Don't worry. It's easy.
Don't worry. It's going to be fine.
Don't worry. It's not the end of the world.
Don't worry. My lips are sealed.
Don't worry. The ambulance will be here soon.
Don't worry. They will be supervised.
Don't worry. This won't happen again.
Don't worry. Tom won't let us down.
Don't worry. We have plenty of water and food.
Don't worry. We'll get to the bottom of this.
Don't worry. We're safe here.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
Don't worry. You'll make new friends.
Don't write in ink.
Don't write me such long letters.
Don't you agree?
Don't you believe in miracles?
Don't you believe me?
Don't you come near me.
Don't you dare ask Tom that.
Don't you dare go there.
Don't you dare talk to me like that.
Don't you dare touch that.
Don't you ever call me again.
Don't you ever clean your room?
Don't you ever come back.
Don't you ever let me hear you talking to your mother like that again.
Don't you ever say anything?
Don't you ever speak to me like that again.
Don't you feel anything?
Don't you feel cold?
Don't you feel like going to the movies?
Don't you feel the house shaking?
Don't you get bored when you're alone?
Don't you get lonely out here all by yourself?
Don't you get on each other's nerves?
Don't you guys have any self-respect?
Don't you have a boyfriend?
Don't you have a driver's license?
Don't you have a pen?
Don't you have a sense of justice?
Don't you have any ambition?
Don't you have any friends?
Don't you have any good news?
Don't you have any money?
Don't you have any other way of contacting Tom?
Don't you have any shame at all?
Don't you have anything better to do with your time?
Don't you have anything better to do?
Don't you have anything else?
Don't you have anything smaller than that?
Don't you have anything smaller than this?
Don't you have anything to do?
Don't you have anything to say?
Don't you have school today?
Don't you have something to do?
Don't you have something to say to Tom?
Don't you have to go to school today?
Don't you have two computers?
Don't you hear what I'm saying?
Don't you know cheese is made from milk?
Don't you know how?
Don't you know it's rude to ask a lady her age?
Don't you know that you are the laughingstock of the whole town?
Don't you know the truth?
Don't you know what happened yesterday?
Don't you know who I am?
Don't you know?
Don't you like Boston?
Don't you like any Chinese food?
Don't you like any of these?
Don't you like apples?
Don't you like baseball?
Don't you like girls?
Don't you like us?
Don't you like your job anymore?
Don't you love me anymore?
Don't you miss Tom?
Don't you miss anything?
Don't you miss me?
Don't you miss your father?
Don't you move from here.
Don't you play tennis?
Don't you read the sports pages?
Don't you realize your behavior reflects on all of us?
Don't you recognize me?
Don't you recognize them?
Don't you remember anything?
Don't you remember who gave you that?
Don't you see the clock?
Don't you see the connection?
Don't you see what that means?
Don't you see what's happening here?
Don't you sleep well at night?
Don't you smell something unusual?
Don't you think I deserve an apology?
Don't you think I know my own brother?
Don't you think I know my own father?
Don't you think Tom has a beautiful smile?
Don't you think if there were a problem, Tom would call us and let us know?
Don't you think it is rather warm for December?
Don't you think it's still a little too early to talk to Tom about this?
Don't you think it's time for you to settle down?
Don't you think that you've done enough?
Don't you think that's a bit odd?
Don't you think that's a little strange?
Don't you think the air conditioner is turned up too high in here?
Don't you think this computer game may be a little too difficult for Tom?
Don't you think we deserve some answers?
Don't you think what I did was helpful?
Don't you think you should help Tom?
Don't you think you should tell Tom about this?
Don't you think you're being a bit melodramatic?
Don't you trust Tom yet?
Don't you trust Tom?
Don't you want Tom to know you were right?
Don't you want all your friends to come to your party and celebrate with you?
Don't you want to come along?
Don't you want to go out?
Don't you want to go?
Don't you want to have kids of your own?
Don't you want to hear my side of the story?
Don't you want to hear the rest?
Don't you want to help them?
Don't you want to help?
Don't you want to know what Tom looks like?
Don't you want to know what it means?
Don't you want to know what this is all about?
Don't you want to know where I was?
Don't you want to know why I didn't do that?
Don't you want to know why I didn't help?
Don't you want to know?
Don't you want to say anything?
Don't you want to see Tom again?
Don't you want to see your room?
Don't you want to stay here with us?
Don't you want to study?
Don't you want to swim today?
Don't you work in the cafeteria?
Don't you worry about Tom?
Don't you worry about a thing.
Don't, under any circumstances, play poker with Tom.
Double-check your answers.
Down with the king!
Dozens of houses were burned down in that big fire.
Dozens of students gathered there.
Dozens of young people attended the demonstration.
Dr. Bell treated the patient.
Dr. Hawking had almost finished writing a book.
Dr. Hellebrandt is an associate professor in that excellent university.
Dr. Hideo Noguchi died in Africa in 1928.
Dr. Jackson has a good bedside manner.
Dr. Jackson is our family doctor.
Dr. Smith gave me some meds to calm down, but I didn't take them.
Dr. Smith has a lot of patients.
Dr. Stein will be with you shortly.
Dragons are imaginary animals.
Drastic measures must be taken to prevent the further spread of the virus.
Draw a circle.
Draw a line from A to B.
Draw a line here.
Draw a line on your paper.
Draw a small circle.
Draw a straight line.
Draw me a sheep.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
Dreaming costs nothing.
Dreams come true.
Dreams sometimes come true.
Drink if you're thirsty and eat if you're hungry.
Drink it down.
Drink less and sleep more.
Drink something.
Drink up your milk.
Drinking alcohol during pregnancy can cause birth defects.
Drinking is bad for your health.
Drinking is harmful for your health.
Drinking on an empty stomach is bad for your health.
Drinking warm milk will help you get to sleep.
Drive carefully.
Drive cautiously.
Drive faster.
Drive more carefully, or you will have an accident.
Drive safely.
Drive slowly.
Drive the nail into the board.
Drive to the next intersection and make a left turn.
Drive with the utmost care.
Drivers must look out for children crossing the road.
Drivers should be aware of the traffic rules.
Drivers should wear seat belts.
Driving a car is a lot of fun.
Driving a truck isn't easy.
Driving during a storm can be dangerous.
Driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck.
Driving relaxes me.
Drop the gun.
Drop your gun!
Drop your weapons!
Drops of water glistened on the leaves of the tree after the brief downpour.
Drug addiction is a cancer in modern society.
Drunk driving is a serious problem.
Drunk in moderation, alcohol is not harmful.
Drunk people are so entertaining.
Drunk people often do stupid things.
Dry sand absorbs water.
Dry wood burns quickly.
Dry wood burns well.
Dry your face with a towel.
Dublin is the capital of Ireland.
Due to bad weather, the plane was late.
Due to my lumbago, I won't be able to attend Koizumi's party.
Due to the bad weather, the plane was ten minutes late.
Due to the lack of students, the school will be closed at the end of the year.
Due to the reason that I described above, I arrived at a different decision.
During hard times, people might not go on a trip, but they might be willing to pay extra for good coffee.
During his administration a great many new laws were passed.
During his teens and twenties, Tom was a party animal, but he now lives a sedate life with his wife Mary, and children.
During that month, he had no money on which to live.
During the summer vacation, I made friends with many villagers.
During the summer, I will go to France.
During the war, people went through many hardships.
Dust had accumulated on the desk.
Dutch is closely related to German.
Duty calls.
E-cigarettes are being promoted as a healthy alternative to tobacco cigarettes, but health authorities are concerned about the long-term health effects on users.
Each cat has its own personality.
Each chapter in the textbook is followed by about a dozen comprehension questions.
Each child was given a present.
Each country has its own customs.
Each day has 86,400 seconds.
Each individual is different.
Each individual paid 1,000 dollars.
Each item was described in painstaking detail.
Each molecule in our body has a unique shape.
Each of the boys was eager to join in the race.
Each of the three girls got a prize.
Each of their opinions has both good points and bad points.
Each of them has a bicycle.
Each of them has to write a report about what he saw.
Each of them sang a song.
Each of them was given a prize.
Each one does what he wishes.
Each one of us should do his best.
Each passing car threw up a cloud of dust.
Each person paid $7,000.
Each person paid a thousand dollars.
Each person paid one thousand dollars.
Each player did his best.
Each player on the team has his own bat.
Each speaker was allotted five minutes.
Each student has a locker.
Each student has his own desk.
Each time I see Mary, I learn something new and important from her.
Each time I see this picture, I remember my father.
Each time you step on the pedal, the wheel turns once.
Each year many children are kidnapped by members of their own families.
Each year, twenty-seven million acres of the tropical rainforests are destroyed.
Early explorers used the stars for navigation.
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Earth is a beautiful planet.
Earth is a planet.
Earth is the third planet from the sun.
Earth, Mars and Jupiter are planets.
Earthquakes and floods are natural disasters.
Earthquakes are common in Japan.
Earthquakes frequently hit Japan.
Earthquakes may occur at any moment.
Earthworms are a gardener's best friends.
Easter is near at hand.
Easy come, easy go.
Easy does it.
Eat a live frog every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
Eat and drink.
Eat anything you like.
Eat everything on your plate, or you won't get any dessert.
Eat everything.
Eat meals slowly.
Eat more fresh vegetables.
Eat more vegetables.
Eat slowly.
Eat something.
Eat up all your spinach!
Eat whatever you like.
Eat your ice cream before it melts.
Eat your soup before it gets cold.
Eat your soup while it is hot.
Eating between meals is a bad habit.
Eating fish is good for your health.
Eating habits differ from country to country.
Eating healthfully can help prevent heart disease.
Eating is one of life's great pleasures.
Eating more slowly will help you feel fuller.
Eating too much fat is supposed to cause heart disease.
Eating too much is bad for your health.
Economic development is important for Africa.
Edison invented many useful things.
Edison invented the electric lamp.
Edison invented the light bulb.
Edison was not a bright student.
Education begins at home.
Education does not consist simply in learning a lot of facts.
Education is an investment in the future.
Education is important.
Education is the key to success.
Education starts at home.
Effective communication and mutual respect are essential elements of successful teamwork.
Eggs are very fragile.
Eggs can be used as weapons.
Eggs go bad quickly in the summer.
Eight plus two is ten.
Eight years ago, we were in the early stages of what would become the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes.
Eighty percent of communication is non-verbal.
Einstein enjoyed playing the violin.
Einstein liked to play the violin.
Einstein was a mathematical genius.
Eisenhower kept his promise.
Either he is to blame, or I am.
Either he is wrong or I am.
Either they don't want to or they can't.
Either way's fine with me.
Either we all go or nobody goes.
Either you or I am right.
Either you or I am wrong.
Either you or I must go in his place.
Either you or I will have to do it.
Either you or he has to attend the meeting.
Election day was cold and rainy.
Electric cars will change the world.
Electricity is very useful.
Electronic components can be cleaned by using pure isopropyl alcohol.
Electronic components can be cleaned using pure isopropyl alcohol.
Elephants are an endangered species.
Elephants are in danger of dying out.
Elephants are the largest land animals alive today.
Elephants are the worldÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s largest land animals.
Elephants have long trunks.
Elephants have two ears.
Eleven o'clock is good for me.
Eliminating the deficit will be a very difficult job.
Elizabeth I became the Queen of England in 1558.
Elves have pointy ears.
Embezzle money? I wouldn't put it past her.
Emotions are contagious.
Emperor Nero was an extremely evil tyrant.
Employees are prohibited from watching the Olympics.
Employers are not required to give their employees paid sick leave.
Empty the car so we can use it.
Empty the purse into this bag.
Empty your pockets!
Encourage him to do it.
Endorse this check.
Enemies of enemies aren't always allies.
Engineers are problems solvers.
England imports Spanish produce.
England is going to win the match.
England is going to win the race.
England is proud of her poets.
English and German are two related languages.
English cannot be mastered overnight.
English has become an international language.
English has become my favorite subject.
English has many loan words from French.
English has spread all over the country.
English is a Germanic language.
English is a compulsory subject.
English is a global language.
English is a language spoken all over the world.
English is a very important language in today's world.
English is an international language.
English is difficult to learn.
English is difficult, isn't it?
English is hard, isn't it?
English is just one of over 2,700 languages in the world today.
English is not difficult to learn.
English is not easy for me.
English is not easy for us.
English is not easy, but it is interesting.
English is not hard to learn.
English is not my first language.
English is not my mother tongue.
English is not spoken here.
English is often considered an international language.
English is pretty hard, isn't it?
English is quite often the language of choice when speaking to an international audience.
English is spoken all over the world.
English is spoken in America.
English is spoken in Canada.
English is spoken in a lot of countries.
English is spoken in many countries.
English is spoken in many parts of the world.
English is studied all over the world.
English is taught in most countries.
English is the world's language.
English is used by many people.
English is used in every part of the world.
English isn't my first language.
Enjoy life while you may.
Enjoy the show.
Enjoy your evening.
Enjoy your food.
Enjoy your holidays.
Enjoy your trip.
Enjoy yourselves.
Enough is enough.
Enthusiasm is contagious.
Envious people die, but envy never does.
Equality is guaranteed by the Constitution.
Esperanto, Ido, Interlingua, Klingon, Lojban, Na'vi and VolapÃƒÂ¼k are constructed languages.
Eternal love doesn't exist.
Eternity is a really long time.
Ethics is a branch of philosophy.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice, poverty, and oppression.
Europe is a continent.
Europe is in crisis.
Europe is more dangerous than I thought.
Europe is not a country.
Europeans like to drink wine.
Even I can't believe that.
Even I don't like to fight.
Even I don't understand.
Even Japanese can make mistakes when they speak Japanese.
Even Tom doesn't do that anymore.
Even Tom doesn't do that.
Even Tom doesn't know Mary.
Even Tom is surprised that Mary lied.
Even Tom knew that.
Even Tom knows that.
Even Tom looked annoyed.
Even Tom smiled.
Even Tom was baffled.
Even Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that.
Even a blind squirrel finds an acorn sometimes.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
Even a child can answer it.
Even a child can do it.
Even a child can do such a thing.
Even a child can read this.
Even a child can understand that.
Even a child knows right from wrong.
Even a child knows that.
Even a child would notice the difference.
Even a clock that is stopped shows the correct time twice a day.
Even after Tom had been drinking all night, he didn't find Mary attractive.
Even an expert driver can make a mistake.
Even children can read this book.
Even children can understand this book.
Even children know that.
Even chocolate contains vitamins.
Even during work, I secretly indulge my Internet addiction.
Even given what you say, I still think you are to blame.
Even if I had wished to stop, I couldn't.
Even if I have to sell my house, I'll keep my business going.
Even if I knew, I couldn't tell you.
Even if I knew, I wouldn't tell you.
Even if I use both hands, I can't crack an egg without breaking the yolk.
Even if I wanted to, I couldn't help you.
Even if he is busy, he will come.
Even if it costs 10,000 yen, I must buy the dictionary.
Even if it isn't true, it's still rather clever.
Even if it rains tomorrow, I'll go there.
Even if it rains, I will start early tomorrow morning.
Even if it rains, I'll go swimming tomorrow.
Even if it should rain, I will start tomorrow.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't give up my plan.
Even if you are not to blame, you should apologize.
Even if you aren't hungry, you should eat something. Otherwise you won't last until lunch time.
Even if you fail this time, you'll have another chance.
Even if you go away, I'll still passionately love you.
Even if you rack your brains over it, you won't solve it.
Even if you stop me, I won't change my mind.
Even in India things changed.
Even intelligent people are sometimes absent-minded.
Even men sometimes cry.
Even my mom knows.
Even my parents don't like me.
Even now, it wouldn't be possible.
Even now, we still doubt that he is the real murderer.
Even plastic surgery won't do anything for your ugliness.
Even small children have an innate sense of what's fair and what's not.
Even smart people sometimes do stupid things.
Even standing right in front of the stove, Tom still felt cold.
Even the brightest student couldn't solve the problem.
Even the dog ran away.
Even the experts took the painting for a genuine Rembrandt.
Even the fastest horse only has four legs.
Even the fastest runner in the world cannot run if he is hungry.
Even the greatest scholar can't solve that.
Even the most carefully made plans frequently result in failure.
Even the richest man cannot buy everything.
Even the strongest man can't stop a typhoon.
Even though I ate three bowls of cereal for breakfast, I'm still hungry.
Even though I disagree with what you say, I fully acknowledge your right to say it.
Even though I gave Tom detailed instructions, he wasn't able to do it correctly.
Even though I looked for it, I did not find it.
Even though I spoke French, they didn't understand.
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
Even though I was sitting in the sun, I still felt chilly.
Even though I was wearing gloves, my fingers were cold.
Even though I'm sitting here in the sun, I still feel cold.
Even though I've studied French for a long time, I'm still not very good at speaking it.
Even though Tom and Mary didn't like each other at first, they eventually became good friends.
Even though Tom begged Mary not to go, she left with the children and went to live with her mother.
Even though Tom didn't want to go to the party, he went because he thought he'd see Mary there.
Even though Tom didn't want to, he was too polite not to invite Mary to his party.
Even though Tom eats mostly junk food, he rarely gets sick and his BMI is in the normal range.
Even though Tom explained it in detail, I'm still not sure I really understand it.
Even though Tom has a very demanding job, he always makes time for Mary and the kids.
Even though Tom has had way too much to drink already, he's ordering another drink.
Even though Tom has never even tried eating one, he says he doesn't like kiwifruit.
Even though Tom is only sixteen, he looks like he's over twenty.
Even though Tom just had his fortieth birthday, I don't think he's over the hill yet.
Even though Tom left home early today, he was late for work.
Even though Tom thought the idea didn't make much sense, he said he'd give it a go.
Even though Tom told Mary about his problem, he didn't want to listen to any advice she had on how to solve it.
Even though Tom translated the letter for Mary, she didn't bother to read his translation.
Even though Tom tried to explain it to Mary, she still couldn't understand.
Even though Tom's in his forties, he still lives at home with his parents.
Even though eye witnesses saw the HMAS Sydney sink in 1941, it took 60 years to locate the wreck on the bottom of the Indian Ocean.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
Even though he has money, he isn't happy.
Even though he has turned twenty, he's still too timid to chat with girls.
Even though he lives next door, he doesn't even say hello to us.
Even though he was poor, he was happy.
Even though he was sick, he went to school.
Even though he was tired, he worked.
Even though he's 38, he's still dependent on his parents.
Even though he's very old, he's healthy.
Even though he's wealthy, he isn't happy.
Even though her vet told her not to, she continued to feed her dog raw vegetables.
Even though his phone was obviously ringing, Tom left it on the table and didn't answer it.
Even though it hadn't rained for several days, the ground was still quite wet underfoot.
Even though it is raining, he will play golf.
Even though it sounds strange, what she said is true.
Even though it was very cold, I went out.
Even though it was very cold, we went out.
Even though it's against company policy, Tom and Mary kiss and hug every time they meet.
Even though it's small, it's still a great car.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
Even though she grew up in Japan, she speaks fluent English.
Even though she was a heavy woman, she danced well.
Even though she was busy, she came to see me.
Even though the accident was six months ago, my neck still hurts.
Even though the media reports that she is a potential presidential candidate, does anyone really think that she is a potential president?
Even though the posted speed limit was 55 miles per hour, Tom was driving much faster.
Even though the speed limit was 55 miles per hour, Tom was driving much faster.
Even though the train was late, we made it in time.
Even though the weather was bad, I decided to go out.
Even though there were many cookies on the dish, I only ate three.
Even though we disagree on many things, there are some things we agree on.
Even when I was a child, I was able to swim well.
Even when she's not wearing makeup, she's very beautiful.
Even when you're old and gray, you should be able to enjoy life.
Even with all the money he has, he isn't happy.
Even with his glasses, he doesn't see very well.
Even without makeup, she's very cute.
Evening was drawing near.
Eventually I'd like to settle down and have a family, but not yet.
Eventually the salesman persuaded me to buy the expensive machine.
Eventually, Tom just gave up.
Eventually, Tom's curiosity overcame his fear.
Eventually, he hit the target.
Eventually, my curiosity overcame my fear.
Eventually, someone is going to have to tell Tom that he needs to behave himself.
Ever since Tom changed his mother-in-law's light bulbs, he's been in her good books.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.
Everett spoke for almost two hours.
Every Saturday we clean the whole house.
Every Sunday afternoon, I go to the bazaar.
Every boy and every girl was delighted.
Every boy and girl is taught to read and write.
Every boy here has a girlfriend.
Every bus is full.
Every child bowed to the teacher.
Every child misbehaves from time to time.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every country has its national flag.
Every crime must be punished.
Every day I either ride a bike or get the bus to work.
Every day Mary took baskets full of bread to the poor and cared for the sick.
Every day he says something different.
Every dog has his day.
Every door in the house is locked.
Every even number is the sum of two primes.
Every family has a skeleton in the closet.
Every girl dreams of owning a pony.
Every girl in the class had a crush on Tom.
Every house had a garden.
Every house in our neighborhood is practically identical.
Every journey begins with a single step.
Every little boy needs a hero.
Every man has his own strong points.
Every man has his price.
Every member but me believes what he says.
Every member of the cabinet was present.
Every minute counts.
Every monster starts off as someone's baby.
Every month, he saved ten thousand yen out of his income for his daughter.
Every morning I ask myself why.
Every now and then I like to have hot and spicy food.
Every now and then he drops in at this bookstore on his way home from the office.
Every now and then they went shopping together.
Every nunnery has its own rules.
Every one of her songs was a hit.
Every one of his songs was a hit.
Every part of the island has been explored.
Every person has a psychological need to feel that what he does is of some importance.
Every person is special.
Every person is unique.
Every problem can be solved.
Every problem has a solution.
Every recycled aluminium can saves enough energy to power a TV for three hours.
Every religion prohibits murder.
Every rose has its thorn.
Every rule has its exceptions.
Every school kid has played hooky at one time or another.
Every seat was full.
Every sentence in that book is important.
Every ship needs a captain.
Every ship needs an anchor.
Every single thing that you eat affects your body.
Every situation is different.
Every spring the river floods here.
Every student has free access to the library.
Every student has to leave school by six.
Every student of biology, anatomy, anthropology, ethnology or psychology is familiar with these facts.
Every student was asked his or her name and birthplace.
Every student was asked one question.
Every student who has graduated from our university has studied English with a native speaker for at least two years.
Every time I call on you, you're out.
Every time I go to see him, he is in bed.
Every time I hear that song, I think of my high school days.
Every time I look at this picture, I think of my father.
Every time I looked at him, he was yawning.
Every time I meet him, I think of my father.
Every time I practice shooting, I miss the target.
Every time I see him, he is smiling.
Every time I see this photo, I think of my father.
Every time I see this picture, I remember my father.
Every time I see you, I think of your mother.
Every time I went to see him, I found him at work.
Every time Tom shows up, it rains.
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.
Every time she coughed, she felt a great deal of pain.
Every time we go anywhere, something awful happens.
Every town in America has a library.
Every vote counts in an election.
Every vote counts.
Every website has a unique address.
Every word in this dictionary is important.
Every year, Hawaii moves ten centimeters closer to Japan.
Every year, millions of people die of hunger in Africa.
Everybody agreed with his idea.
Everybody applauded.
Everybody around here calls me Tom.
Everybody at school knows your name.
Everybody but Tom knows why his wife left him.
Everybody but Tom smiled.
Everybody calls him Tom.
Everybody came to the class on time.
Everybody can see that he has a crush on her.
Everybody dies.
Everybody expected that the experiment would result in failure.
Everybody falls in love at least once in their lives.
Everybody had a good year.
Everybody had a hard time.
Everybody had looked on him as a good-for-nothing.
Everybody has a right to his own opinion. However, sometimes it's better not to tell anybody what that opinion is.
Everybody has already left.
Everybody has secrets.
Everybody has their favorite drink.
Everybody hates Tom.
Everybody hates me.
Everybody in the park looked up at the hot air balloon.
Everybody in the picture is smiling happily.
Everybody in the picture is smiling.
Everybody in the village knew him.
Everybody in the village looks up to him.
Everybody in this world has to cope with a lot of difficulties.
Everybody is alive.
Everybody is busy except me.
Everybody is very busy getting ready for the New Year.
Everybody is very busy.
Everybody is waiting for you.
Everybody knew Tom was in trouble.
Everybody knew her true feelings.
Everybody knew.
Everybody knows for a fact that he is still alive.
Everybody knows his name.
Everybody knows she can speak English well.
Everybody knows she married him for his money.
Everybody knows that he is honest.
Everybody knows that where I come from.
Everybody knows that you are a liar.
Everybody knows that.
Everybody knows the news.
Everybody knows who you are.
Everybody knows.
Everybody laughed at his error.
Everybody laughed at the boy.
Everybody laughed at the way Tom was dancing.
Everybody laughed but Tom.
Everybody laughed except Tom.
Everybody laughed.
Everybody left.
Everybody lies.
Everybody likes Tom.
Everybody likes him.
Everybody likes his jokes.
Everybody likes money.
Everybody likes polite people.
Everybody likes to be appreciated.
Everybody looked disappointed.
Everybody looked up to him.
Everybody looked up.
Everybody looks up to him.
Everybody loves Tom.
Everybody loves her.
Everybody loves him.
Everybody loves it.
Everybody loves music.
Everybody loves my cat.
Everybody makes mistakes once in a while.
Everybody makes mistakes.
Everybody makes mistakes. That's why they put erasers on pencils.
Everybody needs food, don't they?
Everybody needs one.
Everybody paid.
Everybody panicked.
Everybody probably thinks I'm crazy.
Everybody ran outside.
Everybody sang at the top of their lungs.
Everybody sat down.
Everybody saw it.
Everybody says he's a nice person.
Everybody seeks happiness.
Everybody seems to like it.
Everybody seems to pay attention to what he says.
Everybody should have a purpose.
Everybody showed sympathy toward the prisoner.
Everybody smiled.
Everybody speaks well of him.
Everybody started cheering.
Everybody stayed.
Everybody thinks Tom is a bit crazy.
Everybody waited.
Everybody wanted me to do it.
Everybody wants permanent peace.
Everybody wants to be here.
Everybody wants to sit beside her.
Everybody was excited by the news.
Everybody was gathered in the living room.
Everybody was interested in the story.
Everybody was jealous of my success.
Everybody was listening intently to Tom's speech.
Everybody was listening intently to Tom.
Everybody was listening intently.
Everybody was looking for Tom.
Everybody was obeying the speed limit, so I knew there was likely a speed trap ahead.
Everybody was really happy.
Everybody was singing except me.
Everybody was so excited.
Everybody was staring at me.
Everybody was startled.
Everybody was very well dressed.
Everybody who was anybody was there.
Everybody wished he had been elected governor.
Everybody's crying.
Everybody's different.
Everybody's happy.
Everybody's safe.
Everybody's talking about it.
Everybody's tired.
Everyone I know has been there.
Everyone admired his courage.
Everyone agreed.
Everyone agrees with them.
Everyone around the area works hard.
Everyone aspires to have a better life.
Everyone attacked my opinion.
Everyone believed his lie.
Everyone believes his story since there is no evidence to the contrary.
Everyone but Tom is wearing a hat.
Everyone but Tom listened intently.
Everyone but Tom seemed to enjoy the party.
Everyone called me Tom.
Everyone can't afford a car.
Everyone changes.
Everyone deserves a second chance.
Everyone did a fabulous job.
Everyone does it.
Everyone does what he wants.
Everyone dreams.
Everyone else has gone home for the night.
Everyone else is fine.
Everyone escaped.
Everyone except Tom and Mary have already gone home.
Everyone except Tom and Mary left.
Everyone except Tom was wearing a tie.
Everyone except me knew it.
Everyone except me was invited.
Everyone fell asleep.
Everyone felt sorry for Tom.
Everyone had a good year.
Everyone had to learn French.
Everyone has a right to say what he thinks.
Everyone has been there.
Everyone has left except Tom and Mary.
Everyone has problems.
Everyone has really been wonderful.
Everyone has something to lose.
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
Everyone has their own bedroom.
Everyone has to start somewhere.
Everyone hates me.
Everyone here is named Tom.
Everyone hesitated.
Everyone hoped that she would win.
Everyone in her class likes her.
Everyone in my family is happy.
Everyone in our class passed the exam.
Everyone in the city appears to be constantly on the go.
Everyone in the class learned the poem by heart.
Everyone in the office knew about Tom's problems.
Everyone in the office was impressed with the way Tom handled the problem.
Everyone in the room burst out laughing when they saw Tom slip on the banana peel.
Everyone in town knows his name.
Everyone is against me.
Everyone is an artist.
Everyone is confused.
Everyone is different.
Everyone is doing it.
Everyone is drunk.
Everyone is entitled to be moody once in a while.
Everyone is entitled to his own opinion.
Everyone is equal before the law.
Everyone is free to contribute.
Everyone is going to call me a liar.
Everyone is happy.
Everyone is listening to the chairperson.
Everyone is looking forward to watching the game.
Everyone is more or less interested in art.
Everyone is ready.
Everyone is saying goodbye to Tom.
Everyone is smiling in the picture.
Everyone is special.
Everyone is talking about Tom.
Everyone is talking about it.
Everyone is tired.
Everyone is unique.
Everyone is very proud of you.
Everyone is waiting anxiously.
Everyone is waiting for Tom to say something.
Everyone is wearing name tags.
Everyone is welcome to come.
Everyone is welcome to participate.
Everyone knew he would not be back.
Everyone knew that.
Everyone knew the song.
Everyone knew what to do.
Everyone knows Tom has poor people skills.
Everyone knows about Tom.
Everyone knows it's true.
Everyone knows of his affection for that dog.
Everyone knows that Bell invented the telephone.
Everyone knows that he's still alive.
Everyone knows the law.
Everyone knows what they have to do, right?
Everyone knows you're in love with Tom.
Everyone knows.
Everyone laughed at him.
Everyone laughed except for Tom.
Everyone left, except for us.
Everyone lies to me.
Everyone liked Tom.
Everyone liked her because she was very kind.
Everyone likes Tom.
Everyone likes big pizzas.
Everyone likes her.
Everyone likes pizza.
Everyone likes winning.
Everyone looked at Tom again.
Everyone looked at Tom like he'd lost his mind.
Everyone looked at Tom.
Everyone looked happy.
Everyone looked.
Everyone loves him.
Everyone loves puppets.
Everyone loves that place.
Everyone loves their father.
Everyone makes a mistake at times.
Everyone makes mistakes.
Everyone mistakes me for my brother.
Everyone must die.
Everyone must protect their own family.
Everyone needs a place to call home.
Everyone needs friends.
Everyone needs to quit whining.
Everyone needs to stay focused.
Everyone noticed.
Everyone on the bus was asleep except the driver.
Everyone on the ship thought it was going to sink.
Everyone paid for his own meal.
Everyone praises the boy.
Everyone prayed.
Everyone rushed over to the other side of the ship to see what was happening.
Everyone sat down to eat.
Everyone sat down.
Everyone says that he's a good man.
Everyone screamed.
Everyone seeks happiness.
Everyone seems to agree.
Everyone seems to be busy but me.
Everyone seems to be happy but me.
Everyone seems to be hungry but me.
Everyone seems to be nervous.
Everyone should choose at least one poem and learn it by heart.
Everyone should exercise their right to vote.
Everyone should like that.
Everyone should periodically receive a physical examination.
Everyone smiled.
Everyone stared at Tom in disbelief.
Everyone started laughing.
Everyone stood.
Everyone survived.
Everyone thinks the same thing.
Everyone thought that Tom was going to be in Boston this weekend.
Everyone thought we were going to lose.
Everyone voted for it. No one voted against it.
Everyone waited.
Everyone wanted a piece of the cake.
Everyone wants money.
Everyone wants something.
Everyone wants to be loved.
Everyone wants what they can't have.
Everyone was confused.
Everyone was dressed in black.
Everyone was drinking.
Everyone was fingerprinted.
Everyone was happy.
Everyone was horrified.
Everyone was hungry.
Everyone was looking at Tom curiously.
Everyone was looking at me.
Everyone was satisfied.
Everyone was shocked by the news.
Everyone was shocked.
Everyone was stunned.
Everyone was there.
Everyone watched Tom carefully.
Everyone went to sleep.
Everyone who knew him admired him.
Everyone who knows him respects him.
Everyone who worked on that project became a millionaire.
Everyone working for us earns more than the minimum wage.
Everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true.
Everyone's asleep.
Everyone's busy.
Everyone's dead.
Everyone's different.
Everyone's eyes were fixed upon her.
Everyone's going.
Everyone's got a reason to celebrate the beginning of the new year. They all survived the old one.
Everyone's happy again.
Everyone's having a great time.
Everyone's holding their breath.
Everyone's in position.
Everyone's looking at Tom.
Everyone's saying it.
Everyone's shocked.
Everyone's sick.
Everyone's talking about what Tom did.
Everyone's very excited.
Everyone's waiting nervously to see what'll happen.
Everyone's watching Tom.
Everyone's watching.
Everyone, including Tom, was sitting around the table.
Everyone, say hello to Tom.
Everything I did, I did for Tom.
Everything I said was true.
Everything I told you is the truth.
Everything Tom did was groundbreaking.
Everything Tom predicted came true.
Everything Tom said was true.
Everything appears to be going well.
Everything around him was blown to pieces, yet he escaped without a scratch.
Everything at that store is 10 percent off the regular price.
Everything changed.
Everything changes over time.
Everything changes.
Everything comes at a price.
Everything comes to those who wait.
Everything depends on money.
Everything depends on what you will do.
Everything depends on whether you pass the examination.
Everything depends upon your decision.
Everything else doesn't matter now.
Everything else is boring.
Everything else is gravy.
Everything had happened so quickly.
Everything happened all at once.
Everything happened exactly as I had thought.
Everything happened too fast.
Everything happened very quickly and it was all very strange.
Everything happens for a reason.
Everything has been arranged.
Everything has its limit.
Everything has returned to normal.
Everything has to be perfect.
Everything he said was right.
Everything he says is correct.
Everything he says is true.
Everything he sees arouses his curiosity.
Everything he told us was pure fabrication.
Everything he's saying is slander.
Everything here is mine.
Everything in the world is connected to everything else.
Everything in this room needs to be sold.
Everything is OK.
Everything is all arranged.
Everything is all right at home.
Everything is all right now.
Everything is all right.
Everything is back to normal.
Everything is becoming more and more complicated.
Everything is covered with dust.
Everything is done by hand.
Everything is expensive here.
Everything is expensive in London.
Everything is extremely simple.
Everything is fine so far.
Everything is fine.
Everything is going too fast.
Everything is going very badly.
Everything is going very well.
Everything is going well with our plan.
Everything is gone.
Everything is in good order.
Everything is in place now.
Everything is never as it seems.
Everything is now back where it belongs.
Everything is now ready for you.
Everything is on schedule.
Everything is over.
Everything is possible.
Everything is ready.
Everything is ruined because of you.
Everything is subject to the laws of nature.
Everything is under control.
Everything is working.
Everything makes sense now.
Everything matters.
Everything must be handled very carefully.
Everything must come to an end.
Everything necessary has been done.
Everything points to his guilt.
Everything remains as it was.
Everything seemed OK.
Everything seemed to be OK.
Everything she does shows that she has character.
Everything that I saw was completely different from what I had expected.
Everything that Tom said is true.
Everything that could go wrong has gone wrong.
Everything turned out all right in the end.
Everything turned out satisfactory.
Everything was as exactly as I had thought it would be.
Everything was better in the past.
Everything was covered with snow as far as the eye could see.
Everything was exciting to me when I visited Spain for the first time.
Everything was fine at first.
Everything was fine until Tom started drinking.
Everything was lost.
Everything was perfect, down to the smallest detail.
Everything was perfect.
Everything was prepared well in advance.
Everything was ready for the trip.
Everything was simpler in those days.
Everything was taken from us.
Everything went according to plan.
Everything went as planned.
Everything went better than I had expected.
Everything went black.
Everything went smoothly.
Everything went well with him.
Everything went well.
Everything will turn out fine.
Everything will turn out for the best.
Everything's OK.
Everything's back to normal.
Everything's changed.
Everything's fine the way it is.
Everything's fine.
Everything's going to be OK.
Everything's going to be fine.
Everything's gone.
Everything's in order here.
Everything's negotiable.
Everything's ready.
Everything's under control.
Everywhere he went, he taught love, patience, and most of all, non-violence.
Everywhere looks beautiful in the spring.
Everywhere you look you can see children playing.
Everywhere you look you can see young couples kissing.
Exactly what does that mean?
Exactly what was supposed to happen?
Examinations interfere with the real purpose of education.
Examine it.
Examine this.
Exams are right after summer vacation.
Except for Tom, I didn't know anyone there.
Except for Tom, everyone laughed.
Except for Tom, the family was all watching TV in silence.
Except for leap years, February has only 28 days.
Except for one person, everybody went home.
Exceptions prove the rule.
Excessive concern with safety can be dangerous.
Excessive smoking will injure your health.
Excessive supply leads to a drop in prices.
Excitement is not good for a man of my age.
Excitement isn't good for a man of my age.
Exclamation marks are used much more frequently in German than they are in English.
Excuse me a minute.
Excuse me for a second.
Excuse me for being late.
Excuse me for interrupting you.
Excuse me for just one second.
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.
Excuse me sir, could you spare some change?
Excuse me, I didn't understand you.
Excuse me, I dropped a chopstick.
Excuse me, I dropped my chopsticks.
Excuse me, I have a request.
Excuse me, I think you're sitting in my seat.
Excuse me, I'm lost.
Excuse me, but I believe that is my seat.
Excuse me, but I believe that's my seat.
Excuse me, but I didn't order this.
Excuse me, but I think this is my seat.
Excuse me, but could you get me a glass of water?
Excuse me, but could you lend me a pen?
Excuse me, but could you show me the way to the station?
Excuse me, but could you tell me how to get to Central Park?
Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the bus stop?
Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the station?
Excuse me, but do you mind if I ask your name?
Excuse me, but do you mind if ask your name?
Excuse me, but let me have another look at the photo.
Excuse me, but may I put my books here?
Excuse me, but may I use the phone?
Excuse me, but may I use your telephone?
Excuse me, but might I use the phone?
Excuse me, but where is the men's shoe department?
Excuse me, but will you tell me the way to the station?
Excuse me, but will you tell me where to change trains?
Excuse me, but would you please tell me the way to the post office?
Excuse me, but you're mistaken.
Excuse me, can you tell me how to get to Central Park?
Excuse me, could you lower your voice a little?
Excuse me, could you please take a photo of my friends and me?
Excuse me, could you repeat what you've just said?
Excuse me, could you show me how to use the washing machine?
Excuse me, could you tell me the way to the post office?
Excuse me, do you know what time it is?
Excuse me, have you seen Tom?
Excuse me, how much are these?
Excuse me, how much do these cost?
Excuse me, how much does this cost?
Excuse me, how much is this?
Excuse me, is Tom here today?
Excuse me, is this seat taken?
Excuse me, may I come in?
Excuse me, please check the oil.
Excuse me, waiter. There's a hair in my soup.
Excuse me, what did you say?
Excuse me, what time is it?
Excuse me, what's the shortest route to the station?
Excuse me, where's the American Embassy?
Excuse me, where's the toilet?
Excuse me, which way is the post office?
Excuse me, would you show me how to use the washing machine?
Excuse me.
Excuse me. Do you speak English?
Excuse me. Where are the eggs?
Excuse me. Who are you?
Excuse my clumsiness.
Excuse us for the inconvenience.
Exercise every day.
Exercise is the best way to get rid of stress.
Exercise is to the body what thinking is to the brain.
Exercise makes your body strong.
Exhaust from factories pollutes the air.
Existing legislation does not take diversity of races into account.
Expect me when you see me.
Expect the unexpected.
Expect to be pleasantly surprised.
Expectations were low.
Expensive meals can't compensate for lack of sleep.
Experience can't be handed down Ã¢â‚¬â€ everyone has to come up with their own.
Experience counts in this job.
Experience is important.
Experience is the name many people give to their mistakes.
Experts say coffee prices are rising mainly because people are willing to pay more.
Explain it to me.
Explain that to me.
Explain to me in detail how it happened.
Explain to me why Tom isn't here.
Explain your idea more clearly.
Explain yourself.
Express your idea clearly.
Extremists kidnapped the president's wife.
Face the music.
Facebook is blocked in China.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Faded jeans are still in fashion.
Faith can move mountains.
Faith will move mountains.
Faithfulness is a virtue.
Falling rocks present a danger to climbers.
Family is family.
Fancy seeing you here.
Fanned by the strong wind, the flames spread in all directions.
Fantastic!
Far from being a failure, it was a great success.
Far from getting better, he gets worse every day.
Farmers always complain about the weather.
Farmers separate good apples from bad ones.
Farmers sow seeds in the spring.
Farther on, we came upon a house.
Fashion is not my specialty.
Fashions change quickly.
Fast food can be addictive.
Fasten the rope to the tree.
Fasten your seat belt.
Fasten your seatbelts.
Fat people generally sweat a lot.
Fate taught me a hard lesson.
Father bought me a camera.
Father bought me a model plane.
Father bought me a new bicycle.
Father bought me the book.
Father can swim, but Mother cannot.
Father drives to work.
Father gives Mother all his salary.
Father had his lawyer draw up his will.
Father has given up smoking for his health.
Father has gone fishing.
Father has lost his job, and what's worse, Mother has fallen ill.
Father is angry with me.
Father is busy putting up a wall.
Father is cooking dinner in the kitchen now.
Father is in his office.
Father is still in bed.
Father is watering flowers.
Father is well as usual.
Father isn't at home.
Father kept in touch with us by mail and telephone while he was overseas.
Father laid his hand on my shoulder.
Father let me drive his car.
Father mostly plays golf on Sunday.
Father often helps me with my homework.
Father stopped drinking.
Father suddenly got sick and we sent for a doctor.
Father takes a bus to his office.
Father takes a walk every day.
Father takes the 7:00 subway to work.
Father told us a very interesting story.
Father translated the French document into Japanese.
Father translated the German letter into Japanese.
Father usually comes home at eight.
Father wants me to study abroad while I am young.
Father wants to make me a doctor.
Father was crazy about the game.
Father will be back in a few days.
Favoring one gender over another won't win you any friends here.
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
Fear is a great motivator.
Fear of failure prevents many people from reaching their full potential.
Fear of pollution discouraged people from building homes near power plants.
Fear washed across the stock market.
Federico said that he would help us finish the painting.
Feed a cold and starve a fever.
Feed the bird!
Feed the bird.
Feel free to contact me.
Feel free to disagree, Tom.
Feel free to leave comments below.
Feel free to stay.
Feel free to take this.
Feel the rhythm and follow the beat.
Ferrets are playful and curious.
Fetch me my hat.
Few passengers survived the catastrophe.
Few people are able to understand his theories.
Few people attended the meeting.
Few people have two cars.
Few people have typewriters.
Few people know about the plan.
Few people know how to do it.
Few people know the true meaning.
Few people know what the word "hipster" means.
Few people live on the island.
Few people live to be 100 years old.
Few people live to be a hundred years old.
Few people live to be more than a hundred.
Few people live to be ninety years old.
Few people noticed her absence from the party.
Few people realize it, but it's true.
Few people seem to have read the book.
Few people speak my language.
Few people take the trouble to read all the terms and conditions of a contract before signing it.
Few people think so.
Few people visit me these days.
Few people were killed in the car accident.
Few people will admit their faults.
Few scientists understand the theory of relativity.
Few students are interested in reading this novel.
Few students can read Latin.
Few students could understand what he said.
Few students knew his name.
Few things give us as much pleasure as music.
Few treasures are worth as much as a friend who is wise and helpful.
Few visitors could see him.
Fewer people come here every year.
Fifteen more minutes and I'll be out of here.
Fifty of the machines are running at the present time.
Fight like a man!
Figure it out yourself.
Figure seven shows all the parts of the motor.
Fill in the blanks.
Fill in this application form and send it at once.
Fill it up, please.
Fill it up.
Fill it with regular, please.
Fill out the application.
Fill out the form in ballpoint.
Fill out this form, please.
Fill out this registration card, please.
Fill the blanks with suitable words.
Fill the bottle with water.
Fill the tires with air.
Fill up the tank.
Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake.
Finally we arrived at the lake.
Finally, I finished a painting.
Finally, I found a job.
Finally, I have time to reply to the mail that I have received these past three weeks.
Finally, he achieved his goal.
Finally, he attained his goal.
Finally, he reached his goal.
Finally, it's Friday.
Finally, on January eighth, the British attacked.
Finally, someone spoke.
Finally, we reached the top of the mountain.
Financial decisions are very important.
Find Tom.
Find a job.
Find an empty bottle and fill it with water.
Find out what Tom is doing here.
Find out what hotel they're living at.
Find out what kind of a person he is.
Find the differences.
Find yourselves a seat.
Finding an apartment can be difficult.
Finding one's way around Nagoya is very simple. All you do is look at the signs.
Finish drinking your milk.
Finish it before you go to bed.
Finish this.
Finish your work quickly.
Finish your work.
Finishing the job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.
Finishing this job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Finishing this job by Tuesday will be easy.
Fire burns.
Fire is very dangerous.
Fire!
Fires happen all the time in this area.
First I'll look at the prices, and only then I'll decide whether I'll buy the camera or not.
First come, first served.
First impressions are important.
First impressions can often be misleading.
First of all, I'm very worried about my daughter's health.
First of all, we have to plant all these seeds.
First things first.
First we have to carry the barbecue from the cellar out into the garden.
First, I don't have any money. Second, I don't have the time.
First, let's talk about Tom.
First, let's talk about what Tom did.
First, we have to find out where they live.
First, we will present a petition to the mayor and collect signatures.
First, you have to stop smoking.
First, you must protect yourself.
Fish and red wine don't go together.
Fish are cold-blooded animals.
Fish cannot live out of water.
Fish is an important food source for people.
Fish is cheap today.
Fish is expensive.
Fish live in the sea.
Fish live in the water.
Fish such as carp and trout live in fresh water.
Fish'n'chips is the most famous English food.
Fish, please.
Fishing is fun.
Fishing is not allowed here.
Fishing is prohibited here.
Fishing is the only thing Tom wants to do.
Five gallons of regular, please.
Five minutes of sun on a normal day can be worth more than a whole day of sun on holidays.
Five patients were in the waiting room.
Five plus three is eight.
Five times five is twenty-five.
Five times seven is thirty-five.
Five years have gone by since my father died.
Five years have passed since they came to Japan.
Fix the clock.
Fix the watch.
Flamenco shows are popular in the south of Spain.
Flash photography is not permitted beyond this point.
Flattery is like counterfeit money; it makes the one who receives it, poorer.
Flattery will get you nowhere.
Flexibility is one of the many advantages of working from home.
Flight 226 takes off at 10:30.
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.
Flour is made from wheat.
Flour is sold by the pound.
Flowers are growing in the meadow.
Flowers attract bees.
Flowers bloom.
Flying a kite can be dangerous.
Flying in darkness without adequate training is a major cause of light aircraft accidents.
Flying kites can be dangerous.
Fold the napkins and put one by each plate.
Fold the paper in the middle.
Follow Tom.
Follow behind me.
Follow him.
Follow me and I will show you the way.
Follow me.
Follow my advice.
Follow that car.
Follow the car.
Follow the rules.
Follow this road till you come to the river.
Follow your desire.
Follow your dreams.
Follow your sister's example.
Food and blankets were given to the refugees.
Food costs money.
Food is cheap in Germany.
Food is running out.
Food is still scarce in the region.
Food is too expensive.
Food must be chewed well to be digested properly.
Food shipments were blocked.
Food should be chewed before being swallowed.
Food shouldn't be wasted.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Foot-and-mouth disease is highly contagious.
Football is an old game.
Football is more popular than tennis.
Football is my favorite game.
Football is the most popular sport in Brazil.
Football was played in China in the second century.
For Hawking, writing this book was not easy.
For Tom, getting fired was an unexpected shock.
For a moment there, I thought he had gone mad.
For a refund, you must return the item unopened.
For a short period of time, wide neckties were in style.
For all I know, he could be in Paris right now.
For all I know, he was born in Italy.
For all I know, he's a criminal.
For all her riches, she's not happy.
For all his faults, Tom had a fundamental sense of decency.
For as long as Tom could remember, his parents had been overweight.
For dessert, Tom ordered chocolate parfait with vanilla ice cream.
For dinner, we went back to my place.
For example, do you like English?
For goodness' sake, don't say that!
For goodness' sake, please be nice to him.
For here, or to go?
For how long have you been studying Esperanto?
For me, it's important.
For me, reading at home is preferable to reading sitting beside strangers in a library.
For me, there is nothing more fun to do than to talk with him.
For me, time is not money.
For months, he did almost nothing.
For more information, please visit our website.
For more information, visit our website.
For now, I'd like to concentrate on this.
For one thing, I don't have any money. For another, I don't have the time.
For some reason the microphone didn't work earlier.
For some reason, it's not working.
For some reason, people have been avoiding me like the plague ever since I got back from India.
For someone who's supposed to be an expert, you don't seem to know much.
For that reason, he lost his job.
For the first time in more than 6 years, the unemployment rate is below 6%.
For the lack of something better to do, Tom decided to take a long walk.
For the millionth time, I'm sorry.
For the past 10 years, I've fed my dog dry dog food.
For the past month, weÃ¢â‚¬â„¢ve had no snow at all.
For the time being, I am studying French at this language school.
For the time being, we don't need anything.
For their honeymoon they took a voyage around the world.
For this reason, I can't go with you.
For this reason, I cannot go with you.
For what purpose?
For years, Tom suffered from migraine headaches.
For your own safety, never ride in a car with a drunk driver.
Ford won by one hundred-seventeen votes.
Foreign investors backed off because of regional political unrest.
Foreign investors withdrew their money from the United States.
Foreigners are interesting, aren't they?
Forest conservation is an important issue all over the world.
Forests regulate the water cycle and take away harmful carbon dioxide.
Forget Tom.
Forget about her.
Forget about it.
Forget about that right now.
Forget about that.
Forget him.
Forget it!
Forget it.
Forget it. It's too risky.
Forget your troubles for a while and come and have dinner with us.
Forgive Tom.
Forgive me for wasting your time.
Forgive us.
Forks go to the left side of the plate, and knives go to the right.
Fort Moultrie had fewer than seventy soldiers.
Fortunately he didn't die in the accident.
Fortunately, I have a green thumb.
Fortunately, I made it to the class.
Fortunately, I've got you to talk to.
Fortunately, Tom didn't get seriously hurt.
Fortunately, Tom is still alive.
Fortunately, my son quickly adjusted to life in his new school.
Fortunately, no one was hurt.
Fortunately, no passengers were injured.
Fortunately, the weather was good.
Fortunately, they were able to escape.
Fortune smiled on him.
Forty people attended.
Forty people were present.
Forty years passed.
Forty-eight sailors are aboard.
Forty-eight sailors are on board.
Forty-eight sailors are on the ship.
Forward this to everyone you know.
Fossil fuel prices shot through the roof.
Fossil fuels won't be available forever.
Four families were killed in the fire.
Four men are singing.
Four more are needed to make fifty.
Four of my favorite Christmas carols are "Silent Night," "Joy to the World," "The First Noel" and "Away in the Manger."
Four people were in the car when the accident happened.
Four percent inflation is forecast for this year.
Four plus eighteen is twenty-two.
Four plus three is seven.
Four soldiers and twelve civilians were killed.
Four times five is twenty.
Four years from now, you'll have no competition.
France and Britain joined the invasion.
France and Britain were at war once again.
France borders Italy.
France is in western Europe.
France is to the south of England.
France was at war with Russia.
Frank Sinatra was an American singer.
Frankfurters were first sold in the United States in the 1860s.
Franklin Roosevelt became president in 1933.
Frankly speaking, I don't like her.
Frankly speaking, I don't like him.
Frankly speaking, I don't like the idea.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your haircut.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your idea.
Frankly speaking, I don't think you have what it takes to become a teacher.
Frankly speaking, I hate him.
Frankly speaking, I think he's a good boss.
Frankly speaking, he is more of a hypocrite than a patriot.
Frankly speaking, he is untrustworthy.
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.
Frankly speaking, he's wrong.
Frankly speaking, his new novel is not very interesting.
Frankly speaking, this novel isn't very interesting.
Frankly speaking, your way of thinking is out of date.
Frankly, I don't like what you're wearing.
Frankly, I don't like your idea.
Frankly, I'm not that impressed with his idea.
Frayed electrical cables can be very dangerous.
Frederick the Great introduced the potato to Prussia.
Freedom is not free.
Freeze!
French and Arabic are spoken in this country.
French bread is delicious.
French has many more vowels than Japanese.
French is a very interesting language.
French is definitely not a difficult language.
French is definitely not the easiest language to learn.
French is difficult, isn't it?
French is difficult.
French is her first language.
French is her native language.
French is my favorite subject.
French is not only spoken in France.
French is one of the languages I've always wanted to learn.
French is pretty hard, isn't it?
French is spoken here.
French is spoken in France.
French is spoken in a part of Canada.
French is the only foreign language I've ever studied.
French is the only foreign language that Tom knows.
French is their mother tongue.
French isn't an easy language.
French isn't my first language.
French isn't my native language.
French toast is delicious.
Fresh fruit and vegetables are good for your health.
Fresh fruit is good for you.
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health.
Fresh produce is sold at an open-air market.
Fresh vegetables contain many nutrients.
Friday is the day when she is very busy.
Friday is when I am least busy.
Fried food usually doesn't agree with me.
Friendliness is a language the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
Friends are always willing to help each other.
Friends are very important.
Friends don't let friends drive drunk.
Friendship and happiness cannot be separated.
Friendship is a matter of trust.
Friendship requires mutual trust.
Frogs are afraid of snakes.
Frogs eat flies.
From a very young age, Jorge Luis Borges had serious problems with his vision.
From above, one could see the river.
From across the room, you look like Tom.
From below, the house seemed very tall.
From here on out, it's smooth sailing.
From here, I can't see it.
From my point of view, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
From my point of view, it would be better to wait a little longer.
From now on, be more careful with your money.
From now on, let's eat lunch in the kitchen.
From now on, let's keep in touch.
From now on, try harder.
From now on, try to arrive on time.
From now on, we'll do it this way.
From now on, we'll have to spend less money.
From now on, we'll only speak French.
From now on, you're one of us.
From personal experience, I know that any encounter with him will leave a bad taste in your mouth.
From space, the world looks very small.
From the direction that he was going in, I would say he was headed to town.
From the moment Mary became the boss, she made herself very unpopular with her subordinates.
From the moment he arrived there, he kept on bothering his doctor to tell him when he would be able to go home.
From the time he was a small boy, Tom knew that he wanted to be a policeman.
From the way they talked, I presumed they were married.
From there, one could see perfectly.
From this point, we must proceed with caution.
From this point, we'll go on by car.
From time to time, I think about my mother who is no longer living.
From time to time, he goes to Tokyo on business.
From what I've heard, I think Tom is going to get fired.
From what he says, I don't think we should go.
From which station does the train leave?
From year to year, pollution is worsening.
Fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet.
Fry an egg for me.
Fry me an egg.
Fully booked for the night, the hotel had to turn away some late guests.
Funeral services will take place in the cathedral.
Funny, I don't remember that.
Fur coats are on sale.
Fur provides animals protection against the cold.
Furniture made of good materials sells well.
Furthermore, I still don't think this a huge cultural difference.
Galileo argued that the earth moves.
Galileo dropped two iron balls from the top of the tower.
Gamblers enjoy taking risks.
Gambling is illegal.
Gambling isn't one of Tom's vices.
Gangsters robbed a bank of thousands of dollars.
Gas is an important natural resource.
Gas seems to be escaping from the pipe.
Gas was escaping from a crack in the pipe.
Gasoline is scarce around here.
Gasoline is used for fuel.
Gasoline isn't cheap anymore.
Gasoline prices affect all of us one way or another.
Gazpacho is a cold tomato and vegetable soup from Spain.
Gee, I wish I had that problem.
General Montcalm attacked several British forts in 1757.
Generally speaking, Americans are very fond of coffee.
Generally speaking, Americans like coffee.
Generally speaking, Japanese women are modest.
Generally speaking, New Zealanders are taller than Japanese.
Generally speaking, boys can run faster than girls.
Generally speaking, history repeats itself.
Generally speaking, men are physically stronger than women.
Generally speaking, men can run faster than women can.
Generally speaking, men find it more difficult to talk about their feelings than women.
Generally speaking, savings are increasing.
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.
Generally speaking, what she says is right.
Generally speaking, women live longer than men.
Generally, Japanese people are shy.
Generally, men are taller than women.
Generally, women live 10 years longer than men.
Genius does what it must, and talent does what it can.
Genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety-nine per cent perspiration.
Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration.
George W. Bush choked on a pretzel and fainted.
George W. Bush was born in the state of Connecticut in 1946.
George Washington was born on the twenty second of February seventeen thirty two.
Gerhard Schroeder is the first German chancellor not to have lived through World War II.
German Shepherds are good at sniffing out drugs.
German cars are among the best.
German cars are very popular.
German forces attacked British soldiers near Amiens, France.
German is not an easy language.
German is not only spoken in Germany.
German men go to the hairdresser more often than German women.
German soldiers marched through France.
Germans have been warned not to eat cucumbers.
Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's.
Germany borders on France.
Germany did not want war with the United States.
Germany has no minimum wage.
Germany is about half the size of Texas.
Germany is about the same size as Japan.
Germany is famous for its beer.
Germany is in the middle of Europe.
Germany is one of the largest cheese producers in the world.
Germany of today is not what it was ten years ago.
Germany produced many scientists.
Germany shares a border with France.
Germany shares a border with the Netherlands.
Germany then had a powerful army.
Germany was allied with Italy in World War II.
Germany was once an ally of Italy.
Germs can cause sickness.
Germs can only be seen with the aid of a microscope.
Gestures are very important in human communication.
Get Tom on the phone.
Get Tom some food.
Get Tom something to drink.
Get Tom to help you.
Get a bicycle. You will not regret it, if you live.
Get a doctor in here.
Get a grip on yourself!
Get a move on kids or you'll miss the school bus.
Get a move on!
Get a move on.
Get an egg from the fridge.
Get an egg from the refrigerator.
Get away from here.
Get away from me.
Get away!
Get back before midnight, or you will be locked out.
Get back here.
Get back in the house.
Get back to the ship.
Get back to work right away.
Get back to work!
Get down from that ladder.
Get down from your horse.
Get down.
Get enough sleep.
Get her out of here.
Get him to help you with the work.
Get in touch with me as soon as you arrive here.
Get in touch with me.
Get in. I'll drive you somewhere.
Get into the car and wait for me.
Get it done as soon as possible.
Get it out of the house.
Get it ready at once.
Get it settled once and for all.
Get it, and put it on the fire.
Get lost!
Get me a chair, please.
Get me a towel.
Get me another beer.
Get me out of here.
Get me some water.
Get me some, too.
Get me something to drink.
Get me something to eat.
Get me the evidence.
Get me the newspaper.
Get me the scissors, please.
Get me up at eight.
Get my tool box.
Get off at the next stop.
Get off his back.
Get off my lawn.
Get off of me.
Get off of my roof.
Get off this ship right now.
Get off your high horse, Tom.
Get off your horse.
Get on in here.
Get on the bus.
Get on the horse.
Get on with it, Tom.
Get on with it.
Get on your knees.
Get out of bed!
Get out of bed.
Get out of here before I throw you out!
Get out of here quickly!
Get out of here! All of you!
Get out of here.
Get out of my bed.
Get out of my car.
Get out of my chair.
Get out of my house.
Get out of my kitchen.
Get out of my life!
Get out of my life.
Get out of my office.
Get out of my room!
Get out of my room.
Get out of my sight!
Get out of my way.
Get out of the car.
Get out of the classroom.
Get out while you can.
Get out!
Get over here and be quick about it!
Get over here.
Get ready for bed.
Get ready for school.
Get ready quickly.
Get real!
Get rid of her.
Get serious.
Get some rest.
Get some sleep, okay?
Get started.
Get that book for me.
Get that stupid look off your face.
Get the book.
Get them out of here!
Get them out of the way.
Get to it, Tom.
Get to the point!
Get to the point.
Get to work.
Get up at seven tomorrow morning.
Get up early tomorrow morning!
Get your clothes on.
Get your coat, Tom.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
Get your hands off me.
Get your paws off of me.
Get your things together.
Get yourself a decent suit.
Getting down this mountain will take about three hours.
Getting into a hot spring at Norikura is great.
Getting married is a serious matter.
Getting started is always difficult.
Getting your message across is much more important than trying to say it exactly like a native speaker would say it.
Ghosts exist.
Giant pandas live only in China.
Girls are crazy.
Girls are nothing but trouble.
Girls are strange sometimes.
Girls aren't welcome.
Girls begin puberty around the ages of ten to eleven, and boys around the ages of eleven to twelve.
Girls don't like you.
Girls were not allowed to go out with boys without a chaperone.
Give Tom a call.
Give Tom a kiss.
Give Tom a second chance.
Give Tom an inch and he'll take a mile.
Give Tom everything he asks for.
Give Tom the $300.
Give Tom what he needs.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for the rest of his life.
Give a man a mask and he'll tell the truth.
Give a yell if you need anything.
Give credit where credit is due.
Give help to anyone who needs it.
Give him a break!
Give him a hug.
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.
Give him my regards.
Give him plenty of work to do.
Give him the benefit of the doubt.
Give him time.
Give it a kick.
Give it a rest.
Give it a shot.
Give it a try.
Give it another shot.
Give it back to me!
Give it back.
Give it to anyone you like.
Give it to her.
Give it to him.
Give it to me!
Give it to me, please.
Give it to someone who needs it.
Give it up.
Give me a blank sheet of paper.
Give me a call if you need help.
Give me a call later.
Give me a call sometime.
Give me a chance to explain.
Give me a chance to make you proud of me.
Give me a copy of this book.
Give me a couple minutes to get dressed.
Give me a dozen oranges.
Give me a drink.
Give me a few.
Give me a glass of milk.
Give me a glass of water, please.
Give me a goodbye kiss.
Give me a hand with this case.
Give me a hand with this refrigerator.
Give me a hand, will you?
Give me a hand.
Give me a hand. If you do, I'll buy you a drink later.
Give me a head of cabbage.
Give me a hug.
Give me a kiss.
Give me a knife to cut this string with.
Give me a light, would you?
Give me a little ice cream.
Give me a little money.
Give me a little more water.
Give me a minute.
Give me a piece of chalk.
Give me a piece of paper.
Give me a reason.
Give me a ring if you find out anything.
Give me a ring tomorrow.
Give me a second chance.
Give me a telephone call when you get back.
Give me a white piece of paper.
Give me an example.
Give me an example. I don't understand.
Give me an orange.
Give me another beer.
Give me another chance.
Give me another couple of days to think it over.
Give me another cup of coffee.
Give me another cup of tea.
Give me another example.
Give me back my book. I need it again.
Give me back my ring.
Give me back the TV remote.
Give me back the book after you have read it.
Give me five days.
Give me five gallons of gas, please.
Give me half of it.
Give me just a little.
Give me my beer.
Give me my glasses.
Give me my money back.
Give me one reason why I shouldn't do that.
Give me some advice.
Give me some coffee if there is any left.
Give me some time to figure out what went wrong.
Give me some time to think it over.
Give me some water, please.
Give me something to drink.
Give me something to eat.
Give me something to write with.
Give me that iron ball.
Give me that one.
Give me the ball.
Give me the book.
Give me the car key, please.
Give me the equivalent in dollars.
Give me the green book.
Give me the gun.
Give me the key.
Give me the keys.
Give me the knife.
Give me the money in fives and tens.
Give me the salt, please.
Give me the spoon.
Give me three ice creams, please.
Give me three pieces of chalk.
Give me three pieces of salmon.
Give me time to think it over.
Give me time to think over it.
Give me two minutes.
Give me two pieces of chalk.
Give me what I want.
Give me your address and telephone number.
Give me your address.
Give me your attention, please.
Give me your car keys.
Give me your keys.
Give me your money or else I'll beat you up.
Give me your money.
Give me your opinion, please.
Give me your phone number.
Give me your phone.
Give me your shirt.
Give me your telephone number.
Give me your word that you won't do that.
Give my love to your parents.
Give my regards to Tom.
Give my regards to your parents.
Give peace a chance.
Give someone else a chance.
Give that to me, please.
Give that to me.
Give the book to whomever wants it.
Give them a couple of minutes.
Give them money.
Give them to her.
Give them to him.
Give them to me.
Give these children three pieces each.
Give this book to whoever wants it.
Give those cookies to Tom.
Give up smoking if you want to live long.
Give us a break.
Give us a hand.
Give us some space.
Give us something to work with.
Give us two knives and four forks, please.
Give your carpet to that person.
Give your passport number and your date of birth.
Given her inexperience, she has done well.
Giving up smoking isn't easy.
Glad to see you again.
Glass is made from sand.
Go ahead and ask Tom.
Go ahead and talk.
Go ahead and tell him if you want to.
Go ahead with your story.
Go ahead!
Go ahead, shoot me.
Go ahead.
Go along this street and turn right at the bank.
Go along this street and you'll come to the post office on the left.
Go and apologize to Tom.
Go and fetch Tom.
Go and find Tom.
Go and have a look.
Go and help Tom.
Go and help your brother.
Go and look for Tom.
Go and open the door.
Go and play with your friends.
Go and see for yourself what has happened.
Go and see who it is.
Go and speak to my colleague.
Go and talk to Tom.
Go and wake Mary up.
Go and wake Tom up.
Go away before they see you here.
Go away!
Go away.
Go back inside.
Go back outside.
Go back to bed.
Go back to sleep.
Go back to your room.
Go back to your seat.
Go back to your work.
Go brush your teeth.
Go do your homework.
Go down this road until you get to a traffic light and then turn left.
Go down this street three blocks.
Go find Tom.
Go find somebody who can help.
Go find someone else to play with.
Go for help.
Go get a drink of water.
Go get it.
Go get your helmet.
Go get your shoes polished.
Go have a beer.
Go home now.
Go home quickly.
Go home. Get some rest.
Go inside.
Go jump in the lake.
Go kiss someone else.
Go look for it.
Go on ahead. I'll catch up with you soon.
Go on, Tom, we're listening.
Go outside and play now.
Go over it again.
Go somewhere else.
Go straight ahead.
Go straight along this street.
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light.
Go straight, then turn right.
Go take a walk.
Go that way.
Go there with me.
Go there yourself.
Go through the orange door.
Go to bed.
Go to bed. It's a school night.
Go to school.
Go to sleep, Tom. You need to wake up early tomorrow morning.
Go to sleep.
Go to the doctor to get your prescription!
Go to the hospital.
Go to work, Tom.
Go to work.
Go to your room and wait there until I call you.
Go to your room!
Go to your room.
Go two blocks and turn left.
Go up the stairs.
Go up these stairs.
Go upstairs right now and clean your room.
Go wait outside.
Go wake Tom up and tell him breakfast is ready.
Go wake Tom up.
Go wake up Tom and tell him that breakfast is ready.
Go when you want.
Go with these men.
Goats do not like getting wet and will seek shelter quicker than sheep and other livestock.
God bless you!
God created man in his own image.
God created the earth in six days.
God created the heaven and the earth.
God created the world.
God exists.
God forbid that anything should happen to Tom.
God gave her a beautiful face and sweet voice.
God is our strength.
God knows that it is true.
God made the universe.
God must love the rich or he wouldn't divide so much among so few of them.
Going home last night, I saw her again.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Gold had been discovered in California.
Gold is a very expensive metal.
Gold is far heavier than water.
Gold is heavier than iron.
Gold is heavier than silver.
Gold is more precious than iron.
Gold is similar in color to brass.
Gold is the most precious of all metals.
Gold was discovered there.
Gold will not buy everything.
Golf is boring.
Golf is for rich people.
Golf is very popular in Japan.
Golf isn't my cup of tea.
Good afternoon.
Good books are always worth reading.
Good eating habits are essential.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Good evening.
Good fences make good neighbors.
Good for you.
Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know they are always are there.
Good luck convincing him.
Good luck with the new job.
Good luck. You'll need it.
Good luck. You're going to need it.
Good morning, everybody.
Good morning. How are you?
Good morning. It's time to wake up.
Good night and sweet dreams.
Good night, Tom.
Good night.
Good parents are the best teachers.
Good quality fruit is scarce in the winter and it costs a lot.
Good things come in small packages.
Good things come to those who wait.
Good traditions should be preserved.
Good words are worth a lot, but cost almost nothing.
Good work, Tom.
Good-looking people are good-looking no matter what they wear.
Goodbye and good luck.
Goodbye till tomorrow.
Goodbye!
Goodbyes are always sad.
Got it?
Government troops launched a pre-emptive attack on the insurgents, after receiving intelligence reports that they were planning an assault.
Grab a rag and help me clean up this mess.
Grab an umbrella.
Grab as much as you need.
Grab him.
Grades are important, but they are not everything.
Gradually the interest rate will increase.
Gradually the true meaning of what he said began to dawn on me.
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.
Graham Greene is my favorite author.
Graham Greene is one of my favorite authors.
Grammar is a very complex thing.
Grandfather is napping on the sofa.
Grandma likes watching TV.
Grandmother looks after the children during the day.
Grandmother mows the grass in the garden.
Grandmother's ashes are in an urn at the temple.
Grant took 14,000 prisoners.
Grapes are made into wine.
Gravity acts on everything in the universe.
Gravity is the natural force by which objects are attracted to each other.
Gravity stresses the human body.
Gray goes well with red.
Great men are not always wise.
Great progress has been made.
Great weather, isn't it?
Great, isn't it?
Greece cancels the referendum.
Greece has many islands.
Greece is an old country.
Greece was the cradle of western civilization.
Greedy people always want more stuff.
Greek is difficult to learn.
Greek is not an easy language.
Green doesn't go with red.
Green is my favorite color.
Green slime oozed out the pipe.
Green suits you.
Greenpeace is fighting an uphill battle to save the environment.
Greta Garbo was a Swedish actress.
Grief drove her mad.
Guards could hear everything they said.
Guess how much that cost me.
Guess what I want to do now.
Guess what I want to do.
Guess what I'm holding in my hand.
Guess what Tom said.
Guess what happened to me.
Guess what he told me.
Guess what that cost me.
Guess what? Tom and Mary broke up.
Guess who I am.
Guess who I saw today.
Guess who's coming for dinner.
Guess who's coming tonight.
Guess whose birthday it is today.
Guess whose middle name is Tom.
Guide dogs help blind people.
Gunpowder needs to be handled very carefully.
Guns are readily accessible to Americans.
Guns don't kill people, people with guns do.
Guns don't kill people. People kill people.
Gunshot residue was found on Tom's hands.
Gusty winds are making travel hazardous for high profile vehicles.
Guys are supposed to respect girls.
Guys, it's my time to go away.
Guys, we need to talk.
GÃƒÂ©rard de Nerval wrote Journey to the East.
Habits are difficult to break.
Hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures.
Hackers break into computers without permission.
Had I known you'd be here, I wouldn't have come.
Had I known your telephone number, I would have called you.
Had I realized what you intended, I wouldn't have agreed.
Had he been there, would you have wanted to come?
Had he tried it once more, he would have succeeded in it.
Had it not been for your cooperation, I could not have finished the work in time.
Had it not been for your help, I couldn't have done it.
Had she been a friend of mine, I would have advised her not to do that.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
Half a million children still face malnutrition in Niger.
Half an hour passed.
Half of the apples are rotten.
Half of the apples were rotten.
Half of the melons were eaten.
Half of the students are absent.
Half of the worldÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s population lives in cities.
Half of them are students.
Half of these apples are rotten.
Half the students were absent.
Hamburgers have gone up this week.
Hamilton protested against British rule.
Hamlet is a play by Shakespeare.
Hand in your homework.
Hand it over.
Hand it to Tom.
Hand it to him.
Hand me that bag.
Hand me that book, please.
Hand me that broom.
Hand me the letter.
Hand me the remote.
Hand over your weapons.
Hands off.
Hands up! This is a robbery.
Hang in there.
Hang on a bit until I'm ready.
Hang on a minute.
Hang on a sec.
Hang on to it.
Hang on!
Hang on, Tom, it won't be long now.
Hang up your coat, please.
Hang your clothes here.
Hang your coat on the hook.
Hang your hat on the hook.
Happiness depends, not so much on circumstances, as on one's way of looking at one's life.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
Happiness is a delicate flower.
Happiness is a question of moderation.
Happiness isn't the destination, happiness is the journey.
Happy Easter!
Happy New Year!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy birthday!
Happy holidays.
Harajuku is one of the hottest places in Tokyo.
Hard labor was beginning to tell on his health.
Hard work and dedication will bring you success.
Hard work has made Japan what it is today.
Hard work has made him what he is.
Hard work is the price of success.
Hard work really does pay off.
Hardly anybody's happy today.
Hardly anyone even tries.
Hardly anyone ever comes to visit me.
Hardly anyone reads my blog.
Hardly anyone thinks that we are sisters.
Harshness should be avoided in those cases.
Harvard University was founded in 1636.
Has Flight 123 arrived?
Has Flight 123 been delayed?
Has Tom already been told about this?
Has Tom already looked for his ball in the closet?
Has Tom already told you what needs to be done?
Has Tom always been overweight?
Has Tom arrived yet?
Has Tom arrived?
Has Tom become crazy?
Has Tom been charged?
Has Tom called yet?
Has Tom calmed down?
Has Tom changed much?
Has Tom come back already?
Has Tom confessed to anything yet?
Has Tom eaten anything?
Has Tom eaten yet?
Has Tom ever asked you to help him?
Has Tom ever asked you to loan him money?
Has Tom ever been in love?
Has Tom ever fallen in love?
Has Tom ever kissed you?
Has Tom ever told you how he met Mary?
Has Tom ever written a letter in French?
Has Tom finished already?
Has Tom found his keys yet?
Has Tom kissed you, too?
Has Tom made any progress?
Has Tom paid the rent?
Has Tom promised to help us?
Has Tom really come back?
Has Tom received an invitation yet?
Has Tom returned?
Has Tom told Mary that he's married?
Has a Tom ever asked you to lie for him?
Has a solution been found?
Has any conclusion been reached?
Has anybody come?
Has anybody ever given serious thought to this?
Has anybody here been to Hawaii?
Has anybody seen my beer mug?
Has anybody seen my wallet?
Has anybody solved this mystery?
Has anybody spoken to Tom?
Has anyone ever broken your heart?
Has anyone ever told you that you have beautiful eyes?
Has anyone ever told you that you're beautiful?
Has anyone found Tom yet?
Has anyone talked to Tom about this?
Has anything changed?
Has anything like this ever happened to you before?
Has anything strange happened?
Has everyone gone crazy?
Has he arrived already?
Has he arrived yet?
Has he been saying bad things about Tom again?
Has he come yet?
Has he come?
Has he failed again?
Has he finished his homework yet?
Has he lived here for two years?
Has he paid back the money you lent him?
Has he told you anything definite?
Has it occurred to you that Tom might not want to be here?
Has it stopped raining?
Has prison changed him?
Has prison changed them?
Has she finished the book yet?
Has something changed?
Has something else happened?
Has something happened?
Has the Foreign Secretary arrived yet?
Has the bell rung yet?
Has the bell rung?
Has the boss ever asked you to work on Sundays?
Has the climate changed?
Has the evening paper arrived yet?
Has the fever gone down?
Has the jury reached a verdict?
Has the mailman already come?
Has the movie started yet?
Has the pain been this bad all week?
Has the shipment arrived yet?
Has the snow already melted?
Has the snow stopped yet?
Has the world gone mad?
Has there been any change in policy?
Has this ever happened to you before?
Has your dog ever bitten you?
Has your father arrived yet?
Have I answered your question?
Have I changed that much?
Have I disappointed you?
Have I done something to offend you?
Have I ever lied to you?
Have I ever met you before?
Have I forgotten anything?
Have I kept you waiting long?
Have I made myself clear?
Have I told you this joke before?
Have Tom come see me.
Have a beer with me.
Have a cup of milk. It will do you good.
Have a good Christmas.
Have a good day at school.
Have a good day at work.
Have a good look at this picture.
Have a good time.
Have a good weekend!
Have a good weekend, everyone.
Have a good weekend.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
Have a little of this cake.
Have a look at that picture.
Have a nice day.
Have a nice evening.
Have a nice flight.
Have a nice holiday.
Have a nice summer vacation.
Have a nice time.
Have a nice trip!
Have a nice vacation.
Have a nice weekend!
Have a nice weekend.
Have a piece of pie.
Have a safe journey home.
Have a safe journey.
Have a safe trip.
Have a seat, won't you?
Have a seat.
Have another cup of coffee.
Have another.
Have any letters arrived for me?
Have any of you read that book?
Have any of you seen Tom?
Have both of you already eaten?
Have courage.
Have dinner with us.
Have fun this summer!
Have fun with that.
Have fun.
Have him come.
Have him wait a moment.
Have it your own way.
Have more confidence in yourself.
Have patience for another day or two.
Have pity on me.
Have some ham.
Have some pity on me.
Have some.
Have the children eaten yet?
Have the police been notified?
Have the two of you met before?
Have them come in right now.
Have there been any calls for me?
Have there been any phone calls for me?
Have they announced the court's decision yet?
Have they arrived yet?
Have they called the meeting yet?
Have they connected the radio antenna?
Have they reported it to the police yet?
Have we met before?
Have we met?
Have we understood each other?
Have you actually ever tried it?
Have you already carried the boxes up to the attic?
Have you already chosen?
Have you already decided how you're going to take care of this problem?
Have you already decided what to do next Sunday?
Have you already eaten breakfast?
Have you already eaten supper?
Have you already eaten?
Have you already fed the dog?
Have you already finished your homework?
Have you already had breakfast?
Have you already read this book?
Have you already signed the contract?
Have you already started learning French?
Have you already told Tom about what happened to Mary?
Have you already tried not thinking of anything?
Have you already voted?
Have you always been a comedian?
Have you always been so selfish?
Have you always wanted to be a police officer?
Have you and Tom ever kissed each other?
Have you and Tom ever worked together?
Have you answered that letter yet?
Have you applied for a passport yet?
Have you arrived at a decision yet?
Have you asked the others?
Have you been able to confirm all of this?
Have you been able to contact Tom?
Have you been abroad?
Have you been fighting with the boy next door again?
Have you been here since?
Have you been married for a long time?
Have you been paying attention?
Have you been smoking?
Have you been stealing from me?
Have you been there?
Have you been to Boston before?
Have you been to Hokkaido?
Have you been to Kyoto?
Have you been to London before?
Have you been to London?
Have you been to any of the places on this list?
Have you been to this pub before?
Have you been waited on?
Have you been waiting a long time?
Have you begun studying English?
Have you begun studying French?
Have you bought any new clothes lately?
Have you bought the tickets?
Have you bought your Christmas gifts yet?
Have you bought your ticket already?
Have you called her yet?
Have you called him yet?
Have you called the boss already?
Have you changed anything?
Have you checked our supplies recently?
Have you checked the engine?
Have you checked the oil level recently?
Have you checked your calculations?
Have you chosen a topic?
Have you cleaned your room yet?
Have you come to save me?
Have you confirmed it?
Have you considered moving to Boston?
Have you considered therapy?
Have you counted the towels?
Have you decided on a name for the cat?
Have you decided on a name yet for the baby?
Have you decided to go to Australia?
Have you decided what to do yet?
Have you decided what you'll do?
Have you decided what you're going to do?
Have you decided whether or not you're going to sell your house?
Have you discovered anything new today?
Have you discussed this with Tom?
Have you discussed this with anyone?
Have you done all your homework?
Have you done the laundry?
Have you done this kind of thing before?
Have you done your Christmas shopping?
Have you dug up the potatoes?
Have you eaten breakfast yet?
Have you eaten dinner yet?
Have you eaten dinner?
Have you eaten lunch yet?
Have you eaten lunch?
Have you eaten supper yet?
Have you eaten the cake yet?
Have you eaten yet?
Have you eaten your dinner already?
Have you eaten?
Have you ever added an article to Wikipedia?
Have you ever applied for a job?
Have you ever assembled a computer by yourself?
Have you ever baked a pizza?
Have you ever been a witness in a court case?
Have you ever been abroad?
Have you ever been arrested?
Have you ever been betrayed by a friend?
Have you ever been betrayed by a good friend?
Have you ever been bitten by your dog?
Have you ever been fingerprinted?
Have you ever been in Boston before?
Have you ever been in a helicopter?
Have you ever been in love?
Have you ever been in trouble with the law?
Have you ever been inside Tom's house?
Have you ever been kissed?
Have you ever been married?
Have you ever been on TV?
Have you ever been on a cruise ship?
Have you ever been stuck in an elevator?
Have you ever been stung by a scorpion?
Have you ever been there?
Have you ever been to Africa?
Have you ever been to America?
Have you ever been to Boston before?
Have you ever been to Boston?
Have you ever been to Canada?
Have you ever been to Disneyland?
Have you ever been to France?
Have you ever been to Germany?
Have you ever been to Hawaii?
Have you ever been to Kyoto?
Have you ever been to Kyushu?
Have you ever been to London?
Have you ever been to Mexico?
Have you ever been to New York?
Have you ever been to a foreign country?
Have you ever been to the Black Sea?
Have you ever been to the Korean Peninsula?
Have you ever been to the United States?
Have you ever borrowed money from your company?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Have you ever built a house?
Have you ever caught a fish?
Have you ever cheated on an exam?
Have you ever cleaned your kitchen?
Have you ever climbed Mt. Aso?
Have you ever climbed Mt. Fuji?
Have you ever cut your finger with a knife?
Have you ever donated blood?
Have you ever done it?
Have you ever drunk carrot juice?
Have you ever dyed your hair?
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?
Have you ever eaten Mexican food?
Have you ever eaten Turkish food before?
Have you ever eaten Turkish food?
Have you ever eaten a banana pie?
Have you ever eaten alone in a restaurant?
Have you ever eaten an insect?
Have you ever eaten anything that made you hallucinate?
Have you ever eaten chocolate-covered popcorn?
Have you ever eaten in a restaurant alone?
Have you ever eaten insects?
Have you ever eaten raw fish?
Have you ever eaten teppanyaki?
Have you ever eaten tomatoes with sugar?
Have you ever eaten turkey?
Have you ever even seen a firefly?
Have you ever failed an exam?
Have you ever fed a crocodile?
Have you ever felt nauseous on a train?
Have you ever fixed your car by yourself?
Have you ever flown in a blimp?
Have you ever forgotten your phone number?
Have you ever found a four-leaf clover?
Have you ever given a speech in French?
Have you ever given money to a beggar?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Have you ever gone through the Straits of Magellan?
Have you ever gone to the beach with Tom?
Have you ever gone to work on Sunday?
Have you ever gotten a speeding ticket?
Have you ever gotten food poisoning?
Have you ever grilled fish?
Have you ever grown a beard?
Have you ever had a heart attack?
Have you ever had a pet?
Have you ever had a serious illness?
Have you ever had anything custom made?
Have you ever had food poisoning?
Have you ever had your fortune told?
Have you ever heard Tom play the clarinet?
Have you ever heard Tom sing?
Have you ever heard Tom speak French?
Have you ever heard her sing on stage?
Have you ever heard him sing?
Have you ever heard of Nessie?
Have you ever heard of him?
Have you ever heard of such a thing?
Have you ever heard someone speaking Esperanto?
Have you ever heard someone speaking French?
Have you ever heard someone speaking in French?
Have you ever heard that song sung in French?
Have you ever hired a maid?
Have you ever invited Tom to your parties?
Have you ever killed a lion?
Have you ever kissed a girl?
Have you ever kissed another girl?
Have you ever kissed another guy?
Have you ever known Tom to lie?
Have you ever left your office open?
Have you ever lent your car to someone?
Have you ever lied to your mother?
Have you ever lived in a big city?
Have you ever lived in a rural area?
Have you ever lost your luggage at the airport?
Have you ever loved a man?
Have you ever mentioned this to the teacher?
Have you ever met Tom's girlfriend?
Have you ever milked a cow?
Have you ever missed a plane?
Have you ever noticed how unhappy Tom seems to be?
Have you ever noticed that Tom's right ear is much larger than his left ear?
Have you ever noticed this before?
Have you ever painted this house?
Have you ever planted a tree?
Have you ever played baseball?
Have you ever played with Tom's dog?
Have you ever plucked a chicken?
Have you ever read a book in French?
Have you ever read a book written about Japan?
Have you ever read any Chinese poems?
Have you ever ridden a horse?
Have you ever ridden a mule?
Have you ever ridden in a hot air balloon?
Have you ever saved someone's life?
Have you ever seen Mt. Fuji? It is beautiful beyond description.
Have you ever seen Tom and Mary dancing together?
Have you ever seen Tom and Mary in the same room together?
Have you ever seen Tom do that before?
Have you ever seen Tom eat?
Have you ever seen Tom without his glasses on?
Have you ever seen Tom's mother?
Have you ever seen Tom's stamp collection?
Have you ever seen a UFO?
Have you ever seen a baby pigeon?
Have you ever seen a bear in this area?
Have you ever seen a cuckoo?
Have you ever seen a kangaroo?
Have you ever seen a koala?
Have you ever seen a lion?
Have you ever seen a panda?
Have you ever seen a puppet show?
Have you ever seen a purple butterfly?
Have you ever seen a shark over three meters long?
Have you ever seen a spider spinning its web?
Have you ever seen a tiger around here?
Have you ever seen a whale?
Have you ever seen an elephant fly?
Have you ever seen any famous people in this restaurant?
Have you ever seen any of Tom's paintings?
Have you ever seen anything like this before?
Have you ever seen anything like this?
Have you ever seen anything so beautiful?
Have you ever seen him swimming?
Have you ever seen it hail?
Have you ever seen people actually go into that cave?
Have you ever seen snow?
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?
Have you ever seen such a nice film?
Have you ever seen this movie before?
Have you ever slipped on a banana peel?
Have you ever smoked?
Have you ever sold a car?
Have you ever spent any time with Tom?
Have you ever spoken to Tom in French?
Have you ever spoken to Tom?
Have you ever stepped on a tomato?
Have you ever stirred your coffee with a fork?
Have you ever stolen anything?
Have you ever subscribed to any English language newspaper?
Have you ever sung in French?
Have you ever sworn at a policeman?
Have you ever swum in a lake?
Have you ever taken a lie detector test?
Have you ever taken your children to the beach?
Have you ever taught French to anyone?
Have you ever thought about baking your potatoes instead of frying them?
Have you ever thought about doing that?
Have you ever thought about donating your organs after you die?
Have you ever thought about writing a book?
Have you ever thought of becoming a nurse?
Have you ever thought of becoming a writer?
Have you ever touched a dolphin?
Have you ever translated a book?
Have you ever traveled by air?
Have you ever traveled by plane?
Have you ever traveled in a plane?
Have you ever tried Turkish food?
Have you ever tried acupuncture?
Have you ever tried feeding your dog peanut butter?
Have you ever tried telling a joke in French?
Have you ever tried to learn another language?
Have you ever tried to swim across this river?
Have you ever visited Kyoto?
Have you ever visited Rome?
Have you ever visited the Statue of Liberty?
Have you ever wanted something so much that you'd do anything to get it?
Have you ever warmed yourself by a fire?
Have you ever watched sumo wrestling?
Have you ever watched this film?
Have you ever won a prize?
Have you ever wondered how many stars are in the sky?
Have you ever wondered what might've happened if Tom hadn't been here?
Have you ever written a book?
Have you ever written a computer program?
Have you ever written a letter to Tom?
Have you fed the dog yet?
Have you fed the dog?
Have you fed the horse?
Have you figured it out yet?
Have you figured out the math problem yet?
Have you finished cleaning your room yet?
Have you finished dinner?
Have you finished it?
Have you finished knitting that sweater?
Have you finished reading that book?
Have you finished reading the book I lent you last week?
Have you finished reading the book?
Have you finished reading the novel?
Have you finished studying?
Have you finished talking?
Have you finished what you were doing?
Have you finished yet?
Have you finished your English homework yet?
Have you finished your French homework yet?
Have you finished your coffee?
Have you finished your homework?
Have you finished your preparations for the trip?
Have you finished your work?
Have you finished?
Have you fired Tom?
Have you fixed the thermostat?
Have you forgiven Tom?
Have you forgotten about me?
Have you forgotten everything we've done for you?
Have you found a place to live?
Have you found an answer to this question?
Have you found any good solution?
Have you found anything?
Have you found something?
Have you found your contact lenses?
Have you given any more thought to what I told you?
Have you gone completely mad?
Have you gone mad?
Have you gone nuts?
Have you got any plans?
Have you got something to crack these nuts?
Have you gotten everything ready for tomorrow?
Have you gotten used to eating Japanese food yet?
Have you gotten used to living in the dorm?
Have you guys lost your minds?
Have you guys seen Tom?
Have you guys seen the news?
Have you had a chance to talk to Tom yet?
Have you had breakfast yet?
Have you had dinner already?
Have you had lunch?
Have you handed in your homework?
Have you heard Tom's music?
Have you heard about the accident?
Have you heard any good jokes lately?
Have you heard anything about the organization?
Have you heard anything from Tom?
Have you heard from him since he left for America?
Have you heard from your sister lately?
Have you heard her speaking English?
Have you heard that a burglar broke into my neighbor's house?
Have you heard the good news?
Have you heard the latest news about the war?
Have you heard this story already?
Have you heard what I said?
Have you heard whether Tom got the job?
Have you known Tom long?
Have you known her since 1990?
Have you known him for a long time?
Have you learned to drive a car?
Have you learned your lesson?
Have you looked in a mirror recently?
Have you looked outside lately?
Have you lost your mind?
Have you made a decision yet?
Have you made a decision?
Have you made any New Year's resolutions?
Have you made any new friends recently?
Have you made sure the door is locked?
Have you made up your mind about what you are going to give Mary for her birthday?
Have you made up your mind to come with me?
Have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays?
Have you made up your mind yet?
Have you made your decision yet?
Have you measured it?
Have you met Tom's new girlfriend?
Have you met him already?
Have you met the new boss?
Have you met the new family on the block?
Have you noticed anything out of the ordinary?
Have you noticed anything strange?
Have you noticed anything suspicious?
Have you noticed anything unusual?
Have you paid all the bills?
Have you paid the bill yet?
Have you paid the rent?
Have you paid your phone bill?
Have you paid your taxes?
Have you picked out a name yet for the baby?
Have you prepared everything for tomorrow?
Have you put up your Christmas tree already?
Have you read Tom Jackson's new book?
Have you read any interesting books lately?
Have you read that book?
Have you read the Latin classics?
Have you read the book Tom bought for you?
Have you read the book yet?
Have you read the manual?
Have you read the owner's manual?
Have you read this article?
Have you read this book already?
Have you read this book yet?
Have you read this yet?
Have you read today's paper?
Have you really already found a new job?
Have you really talked to Tom?
Have you received Tom's invitation?
Have you received an answer to your letter?
Have you received an invitation from Tom?
Have you received the letter?
Have you recently taken a trip anywhere?
Have you said anything to Tom?
Have you seen Tom since he's shaved his head?
Have you seen a brown wallet around here?
Have you seen a little girl with short black hair?
Have you seen any movies lately?
Have you seen any movies recently?
Have you seen anything unusual lately?
Have you seen enough?
Have you seen her?
Have you seen him before?
Have you seen it?
Have you seen me dance?
Have you seen my camera?
Have you seen my car keys?
Have you seen my glasses anywhere?
Have you seen my jacket?
Have you seen my new car?
Have you seen my pen?
Have you seen my red tie?
Have you seen my son?
Have you seen my watch?
Have you seen my wife?
Have you seen that movie?
Have you seen the Grand Canyon?
Have you seen the news?
Have you seen the recipe book that I wrote?
Have you seen this man?
Have you seen this?
Have you sent him a Christmas card yet?
Have you set a date for your wedding?
Have you shown Tom the new book you bought?
Have you sold it yet?
Have you solved all the problems yet?
Have you spent a lot of time in therapy?
Have you spoken to your parents about this?
Have you stopped beating your wife?
Have you taken a bath yet, Takashi?
Have you taken out the trash?
Have you taken your medicine yet?
Have you taken your temperature?
Have you talked to Tom about this?
Have you talked to Tom recently?
Have you told Tom what to buy?
Have you told Tom why he shouldn't be doing it that way?
Have you told Tom why you don't like him?
Have you told Tom's mother?
Have you told anyone about this problem?
Have you told her mother?
Have you told him yet?
Have you told me everything?
Have you told your parents?
Have you traveled anywhere recently?
Have you tried it before?
Have you tried it yet?
Have you tried restarting your computer?
Have you tried restarting your router?
Have you tried that store?
Have you tried this before?
Have you visited a zoo in your country?
Have you walked the dog already today?
Have you washed the car yet?
Have you wondered why Tom doesn't come here anymore?
Have you worked the puzzle out?
Have you written a book?
Have you written in your diary today?
Have you written to Tom?
Have you written your report?
Have your own way.
Have your parents met your girlfriend yet?
Haven't I paid you enough?
Haven't I seen you before?
Haven't I suffered enough?
Haven't I told you everything already?
Haven't we met before?
Haven't you and Tom ever danced together?
Haven't you ever heard of Rio de Janeiro?
Haven't you returned those books yet?
Having a few extra batteries handy is never a bad idea.
Having a small flashlight in your pocket may come in handy.
Having been convicted of murder, he was sentenced to life imprisonment.
Having been written in haste, the book has a lot of errors.
Having done my homework, I could finally watch television.
Having failed four times, he didn't try anymore.
Having failed twice yesterday, he doesn't want to try again.
Having finished it, he went to bed.
Having finished lunch, we went skating.
Having heard the story before, she didn't want to hear it again.
Having lived in Tokyo, I know the city well.
Having read the book, I could answer all the questions.
Hawaii enjoys good weather the year round.
Hawaii is a popular tourist resort.
Hawking went back to his studies.
Hawks are birds of prey.
Hay is for horses.
He abandoned all hope.
He abandoned his family.
He abandoned the idea.
He abused our trust.
He accelerated his car and overtook me.
He accepted her gift.
He accepted his appointment as chairman.
He accepted my idea.
He accepted our offer.
He accepted reluctantly.
He accepted the job.
He accepts gifts from students.
He accidentally hit his thumb with the hammer.
He accommodated the traveler for the night.
He accomplished his mission.
He accomplishes whatever he sets out to do.
He accumulated a large fortune.
He accused her of having lied to him.
He accused me of being a liar.
He accused me of having stolen his watch.
He achieved his aim at last.
He achieved his goal.
He acknowledged his fault.
He acknowledged his faults.
He acknowledged me by lifting his hat.
He acquainted her with his plan.
He acquired American citizenship.
He acted as my guide.
He acted as our guide.
He acted foolishly.
He acted in his own interest.
He acted like a lunatic.
He acted like a madman.
He acted the part of King Lear.
He acted without thinking.
He acts as if he were a king.
He acts like a tough guy.
He acts quickly.
He acts very shy in her presence.
He adapted himself to circumstances.
He adapted himself to his new life.
He adapted his plan to the new situation.
He added a little sugar and milk to his tea.
He added a little sugar to the coffee.
He added that he didn't believe it.
He added to his savings.
He adhered to the original plan.
He admired his friend's work.
He admired my new car.
He admitted he had taken bribes.
He admitted his defeat.
He admitted his guilt.
He admitted his mistakes.
He admitted that he had committed the crime.
He admitted that he had stolen the treasure.
He admitted that he stole the gold.
He adopted the orphan.
He adores his grandfather.
He advanced me a week's wages.
He advised caution.
He advised us against doing it.
He advocated abolishing the death penalty.
He agreed to give us an interview.
He agreed to what they said.
He agreed with me.
He agrees with my opinion.
He aimed at the bird.
He almost died.
He almost got away with it.
He also saw it.
He also speaks French.
He always ate fruit for dessert.
He always conceals his intentions.
He always forgets to say goodbye to people when leaving.
He always gets home at 6:00 p.m.
He always gets home at six o'clock in the evening.
He always goes to work at 8:00 a.m.
He always insists on having everything his own way.
He always invites himself for dinner.
He always keeps his promises.
He always keeps his room as neat as a pin.
He always keeps his word.
He always leaves for work at 8:00 a.m.
He always leaves home at seven.
He always looked happy, but never was.
He always plays well.
He always relies on other people.
He always shows great determination in everything he undertakes.
He always sings in the shower.
He always speaks of the government with contempt.
He always speaks well of her.
He always takes advantage of the mistakes made by his rivals.
He always takes his time in everything he does.
He always talks as if he knows everything.
He always tells the truth.
He always tells vulgar jokes.
He always treats me like a child.
He always tries to have his own way.
He always tries to see the good in others.
He always values his wife's opinions.
He always wants to have his own way.
He always wears a blue shirt.
He always wears blue shirts.
He always wears dark clothes.
He always wears dark glasses.
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.
He amused the children by showing them some magic.
He amused us with a funny story.
He and I are brothers.
He and I are classmates.
He and I are cousins.
He and I are friends.
He and I are kindred spirits.
He and I are pretty much the same build.
He and I are teachers.
He and I can not speak Spanish.
He and I discussed the waste problem in terms of recycling.
He and I share a room.
He and I stayed at the hotel.
He and his friend sat on the bench.
He and his wife tried to work out their problems, but couldn't.
He angrily closed the door.
He angrily tore up the letter from her.
He announced the next singer.
He annoyed us with his complaints.
He answered by saying that he could swim well.
He answered incorrectly.
He answered my question easily.
He answered my question with a "no."
He apologized to me for his rudeness.
He apologized to the employee.
He appealed to our emotions.
He appeared honest.
He appeared hungry.
He appeared on TV last night.
He appeared thinner every day.
He appeared young.
He appears to be strong and healthy.
He applied for the job and got it.
He applied for the position.
He appreciates Japanese culture.
He approached the door.
He argued that the new policy was bound to drive the economy into recession.
He argues about everything he's told to do.
He armed himself with a pistol.
He arrived as soon as he could.
He arrived at midnight.
He arrived at the station at seven.
He arrived at the station out of breath.
He arrived at the station.
He arrived earlier than usual.
He arrived here safely yesterday.
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
He arrived in time for the meeting.
He arrived in time.
He arrived late.
He arrived rather late.
He arrived safely.
He arrived shortly after.
He arrived too early.
He arrived very early this morning.
He arrived with me.
He asked Lincoln to say a few words.
He asked a favor of me.
He asked a question about it.
He asked a very good question.
He asked about the others.
He asked after you.
He asked for a beer.
He asked for a lot of money.
He asked for money.
He asked for more money.
He asked for my advice.
He asked for my pardon.
He asked her questions.
He asked her some questions.
He asked her to call him later.
He asked her to read it for him.
He asked her to remain in the job.
He asked her where she lived.
He asked his father to take him to the store.
He asked his friend for advice.
He asked his teacher for advice.
He asked his teacher several questions.
He asked me a question.
He asked me for help.
He asked me for money.
He asked me for more money than was necessary.
He asked me if I had slept well the night before.
He asked me if I knew his father.
He asked me if I liked mathematics.
He asked me if I was busy.
He asked me my age, my name, my address, and so forth.
He asked me some questions about the math test.
He asked me the way to the museum.
He asked me to dance.
He asked me to do it.
He asked me to open the door.
He asked me to pass him the salt.
He asked me to speak more slowly.
He asked me to throw the ball back.
He asked me to wait there until he came back.
He asked me to wake him up on time.
He asked me to.
He asked me two questions.
He asked me what I needed.
He asked me what was the matter with me.
He asked me where she lived.
He asked me whether I had slept well last night.
He asked me whether I was busy.
He asked me whether anybody was there.
He asked me whether he should go on to university.
He asked me whether she was coming.
He asked me who had painted the picture.
He asked me who painted the picture.
He asked my mother.
He asked the man to help him.
He asked the policeman how many people had been killed in traffic accidents the previous day.
He asked the president to do something.
He asked us not to make any noise.
He aspires to become a teacher.
He assumed full responsibility for it.
He assumed full responsibility.
He assumed the leadership of the political party.
He assured me of his help.
He ate a box of chocolates.
He ate all of it.
He attained his goal.
He attempted suicide.
He attempted to climb the fence to no avail.
He attempted to escape.
He attempted to swim across the river.
He attended the meeting as the company representative.
He attended the meeting in my place.
He attends medical conferences.
He attributed his failure to bad luck.
He attributed his success to good luck.
He attributes his poverty to bad luck.
He avenged his father.
He avoided looking at her.
He avoids me.
He baked muffins.
He bakes bread in a very old oven.
He banged his fist on the table.
He banged his head.
He banged his knee.
He beat the dog with a stick.
He became a Catholic.
He became a cameraman after he graduated from college.
He became a famous actor.
He became a famous singer.
He became a great musician.
He became a pianist.
He became a policeman.
He became a sailor.
He became a singer against his parents wishes.
He became accustomed to working in the office.
He became blind because of the accident.
He became famous all over the world.
He became famous thanks to his mother.
He became famous.
He became financially independent.
He became furious.
He became interested in mathematics.
He became irritated.
He became more and more famous.
He became more mature with the passing of the years.
He became rich overnight.
He became rich through hard work.
He became rich.
He became sad when he found out.
He became so ill that he died two hours later.
He became the company president when he was thirty.
He became world famous.
He began a new life.
He began buying gold in huge amounts.
He began his meal by drinking half a glass of ale.
He began running.
He began singing.
He began to cry.
He began to eat his breakfast.
He began to feel afraid.
He began to feel ill.
He began to get restless because of that noise.
He began to look into the matter.
He began to play an old song.
He began to run.
He began to sing.
He began to sweat.
He begged for his life.
He begged us to go with him.
He behaved as if he were crazy.
He behaved badly.
He behaved himself like a man.
He behaved in a strange manner.
He behaved like a child.
He behaved like a madman.
He behaves like a child.
He behaves very naturally.
He believed that blacks could win their fight for equal rights without violence.
He believed that the earth was round.
He believes every word I say.
He believes everything that I say.
He believes in Santa Claus.
He believes in the existence of ghosts.
He believes in the supernatural.
He believes that he can prove it.
He believes that the story is true.
He believes that there is a spy among us.
He believes whatever I say.
He belittles others to make himself feel important.
He belongs to the diplomatic corps.
He belongs to the planning section.
He belongs to the soccer club.
He belongs to the upper class.
He bent over the girl and kissed her.
He bet two pounds on the horse.
He betrayed his country.
He betrayed my confidence.
He betrayed us by telling the enemy where we were.
He betrayed you.
He blackmailed me.
He blamed me for not coming.
He blamed me for the accident.
He blamed others for his own failure.
He blew all his money.
He blew on the tip of his fingers.
He blew out the candle.
He blocked my way.
He blushed with shame.
He boarded a plane bound for Los Angeles.
He boasted of his courage.
He boils water in a coffee pot.
He bores everybody.
He borrowed his friend's car for a few days.
He bought a book and gave it to his father.
He bought a bottle of cheap wine.
He bought a box of candy.
He bought a car.
He bought a double-barreled shotgun.
He bought a lot of flour and oil.
He bought a new car.
He bought a new pair of gloves.
He bought a new pair of shoes.
He bought a number of books at the bookstore.
He bought a small house in Kyoto.
He bought a thimble.
He bought an English book at a bookstore.
He bought eggs and milk from a farmer.
He bought himself a dog.
He bought his daughter a new dress.
He bought it for five dollars.
He bought me a new dictionary.
He bought pencils, notebooks, dictionaries and so on.
He bought that house because his wife liked it.
He bought the land for the purpose of building his house on it.
He bought the picture for next to nothing.
He bought two horses at the fair.
He bought us some drinks.
He bought vegetables and some fruit.
He bowed his head.
He bowed to me as he left the room.
He bowed to me as he passed by.
He bowed to the Queen.
He bragged about it.
He breathed deeply before entering his boss's office.
He breathed his last breath.
He breathed his last.
He bribed the judge and got off scot-free.
He broke his arm and they had to put splints on it.
He broke his left arm.
He broke his leg in the baseball game.
He broke his promise, which was a big mistake.
He broke his word.
He broke in on our conversation.
He broke into a house.
He broke my heart.
He broke the flower vase on purpose.
He broke the law.
He broke the window intentionally.
He broke the window on purpose.
He broke the world record.
He broke up the chair for firewood.
He broke up the concrete block with a hammer.
He brought his dog to school.
He brought his lunch today.
He brought me coffee, when I had asked for tea.
He brought me to the bus stop.
He brought us sad news.
He brushed his hat.
He bugged her with questions.
He built a doghouse with his son on Sunday.
He built a fence around his house.
He built a new house for himself.
He built himself a house.
He built them on an assembly line.
He bumped his head against the ceiling.
He burned the croutons.
He burst into laughter.
He burst into tears.
He burst out laughing.
He buttoned up his coat before walking out the door.
He buys and sells leather goods.
He buys only what'll be useful for him.
He calculated that it would cost him 100 dollars.
He calculated the speed of light.
He called a cab for me.
He called at my house.
He called for beer.
He called her cell phone.
He called her every other day.
He called her mobile.
He called his mother up from the airport.
He called me a cab.
He called me a taxi.
He called me up almost every day.
He called me up from Tokyo.
He called off the trip.
He called up his uncle as soon as he got to Matsuyama.
He called us at the top of his lungs.
He calls her up every night.
He came about two.
He came after you left.
He came again after a week.
He came all the way from Chicago.
He came all the way from Nikko to see me off.
He came at about four o'clock.
He came at dawn.
He came at me with a knife in his hand.
He came back after dark.
He came back after many years.
He came back after two days.
He came back at 5 o'clock.
He came back at nine o'clock.
He came back before eight.
He came back by way of Honolulu.
He came back from America.
He came back from Canada.
He came back from China.
He came back last August.
He came back many years later.
He came back not because he was homesick, but because he was running short of money.
He came back soon.
He came back two days later.
He came by bus.
He came close to losing an eye.
He came down the hill on his bicycle.
He came down to breakfast.
He came down with a cold and had to be away from work.
He came first.
He came from Tokyo yesterday.
He came from a tiny mountain town.
He came from another country.
He came from the south.
He came here again.
He came here ten minutes ago.
He came here to help me.
He came home at almost midnight.
He came home dead tired.
He came home exactly at ten.
He came home late in the evening.
He came home late last night.
He came home very late.
He came in and immediately sat down.
He came in person.
He came in quietly in order not to wake the family.
He came in spite of bad weather.
He came in spite of the heavy snow.
He came into the room.
He came just as I was leaving.
He came late as usual.
He came late, as is often the case with him.
He came out from behind the curtain.
He came out from where he was hiding.
He came out of the shower naked.
He came out on top.
He came several times.
He came to Berlin as a teacher.
He came to Japan when he was 10 years old.
He came to Japan when he was a boy of ten.
He came to London by way of Siberia.
He came to Tokyo at the age of three.
He came to Tokyo in search of employment.
He came to ask us to help him.
He came to my house on the pretext of seeing me.
He came to my office yesterday.
He came to my rescue.
He came to pick me up.
He came to school after a long absence.
He came to see me three days before he left for Africa.
He came to see you yesterday.
He came.
He can also speak Russian.
He can barely read.
He can be counted on.
He can be proud of his father.
He can be relied on.
He can be trusted.
He can bend an iron rod with his hands.
He can both speak and write Russian.
He can come.
He can count up to ten with his fingers.
He can dish it out, but he can't take it.
He can do five somersaults without breaking a sweat.
He can do it better than me.
He can do it well, and you can do it even better.
He can do whatever he likes with the money.
He can even play the drums.
He can hardly speak.
He can hardly walk.
He can imitate the rest of the family.
He can make himself understood in English.
He can move quietly and quickly.
He can no longer wait.
He can only criticize people behind their backs.
He can only speak a little English.
He can play a flute.
He can play tennis.
He can play the flute.
He can play the piano better than I can.
He can play the piano, the flute, the guitar, and so on.
He can read English easily.
He can read and write.
He can read well.
He can read.
He can run fast.
He can run faster than I can.
He can run faster than me.
He can scarcely write his name.
He can speak 10 languages.
He can speak French well.
He can speak French, and obviously English.
He can speak Japanese.
He can speak Russian as well.
He can speak Russian, too.
He can speak a little English.
He can speak and write French.
He can speak both English and French very well.
He can speak five languages.
He can speak not only English but also French.
He can speak not only English but also German.
He can speak only a little English.
He can swim a mile.
He can swim fast.
He can swim faster than any other boy in his class.
He can swim like a fish.
He can swim very fast.
He can swim well.
He can swim.
He can talk to spirits.
He can write with either hand.
He can't afford a new car.
He can't afford to buy a new car.
He can't afford to get married.
He can't answer their questions.
He can't be ill.
He can't be smart if he can screw up something like that.
He can't be under thirty.
He can't buy a car.
He can't buy himself a car.
He can't come with us.
He can't control himself.
He can't control his desires.
He can't cook very well.
He can't count.
He can't do it.
He can't do that.
He can't even read, let alone write.
He can't explain what happened.
He can't handle it.
He can't handle the truth.
He can't have said such a stupid thing.
He can't make a decision.
He can't read it.
He can't read.
He can't resist sweets.
He can't see the forest for the trees.
He can't sing well.
He can't sing.
He can't speak English.
He can't speak much English.
He can't stay long.
He can't stick to anything very long.
He can't stop laughing.
He can't stop us.
He can't swim at all, but when it comes to skiing, he is the best.
He can't swim.
He can't take a joke.
He can't take care of himself.
He can't take his eyes off her.
He can't tell what is written on the paper.
He can't walk any more.
He can't work properly until he's had his cup of joe.
He cannot afford a holiday.
He cannot afford it.
He cannot afford to buy a car, much less a house.
He cannot answer their questions.
He cannot be a poet.
He cannot be relied on.
He cannot be saved.
He cannot be trusted.
He cannot have been there yesterday.
He cannot have done it by himself.
He cannot have done such a thing.
He cannot have said such an unreasonable thing.
He cannot play guitar.
He cannot stop her.
He cannot stop him.
He cannot stop it.
He cannot stop me.
He cannot stop us.
He cannot swim.
He cannot tell wool from cotton.
He cannot write English without making mistakes.
He cared for his mother after his father died.
He carelessly forgot the camera in the bus.
He cares a lot about his reputation.
He carried a bag full of apples.
He carried a cane.
He carried a rifle on his shoulder.
He carried her luggage to the train.
He carried his grandfather on his back.
He carried on with his experiment.
He carried six boxes at a time.
He carved me a wooden doll.
He catches colds easily.
He caught a big fish.
He caught a cold.
He caught hold of a rope and saved himself.
He caught the ball with his left hand.
He caught the chicken.
He caught three fish.
He changed his mind daily.
He changed his mind.
He changed schools last year.
He chased the thief.
He cheated on me.
He cheated on the test by copying from the girl in front.
He cheated on the test by copying his friend's answers.
He checked in at a good hotel.
He checked the calculations again just to make sure.
He chipped the edge of the tea cup.
He chose the wrong man to pick a fight with.
He chose them at random.
He chose three beautiful roses for her.
He claimed his share of the profits.
He claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal.
He claims that he is a painter.
He claims to have visions from God.
He cleaned his room on Sunday.
He cleansed the wound before putting on a bandage.
He cleared his throat before starting the lecture.
He cleared his throat.
He cleared the roof of snow.
He climbed Mt. Fuji.
He climbed down from the tree.
He climbed over the fence.
He climbed the stairs.
He climbed the tree without difficulty.
He climbed to the very top of the mountain.
He climbs trees easily.
He closed his eyes.
He closed the door.
He collapsed to his knees.
He collected a lot of stamps.
He comes at noon.
He comes back from Sydney today.
He comes from England.
He comes from Geneva.
He comes from Genoa.
He comes from Hangzhou.
He comes from Wales.
He comes from a small but wealthy town.
He comes from the middle class.
He comes from the south.
He comes here almost every day.
He comes here every three days.
He comes here once a month.
He comes home almost every weekend.
He comes round once a week.
He comes to Tokyo once a year.
He comes to see me nearly every day.
He comes to see me once in a while.
He comes to see my son now and then.
He comes to visit us every now and then.
He commanded me to leave the bedroom immediately.
He commanded me to leave the room immediately.
He commanded me to shut the gate.
He committed a serious crime.
He committed suicide by hanging himself.
He committed suicide by jumping off a bridge.
He committed suicide.
He compared the copy with the original.
He compared the imitation with the original.
He complained about the noise.
He complained that he was unfairly treated.
He complained that his age was beginning to tell on him.
He complained that the soup was too hot.
He complains all the time.
He concealed the book under his coat.
He concealed the fact from me.
He concentrated on his studies.
He concentrated on that.
He confessed all his sins.
He confessed his crime.
He confessed his guilt.
He confessed that he had fallen in love with me.
He confessed that he was guilty.
He confided in me about his love affair.
He confirmed that it was the wreck of the Titanic.
He confirmed that something was wrong with his car.
He congratulated me on my success.
He conserved his energy for the next game.
He considers himself the center of the universe.
He consoled himself with the thought that it might have been worse.
He constantly criticizes other people.
He continued his work after a short break.
He continued singing.
He continued the experiment.
He continued to work.
He contracted an incurable disease.
He contracted malaria while living in the jungle.
He contracted that illness many years ago.
He contradicted himself several times in his testimony.
He contributed a lot of money.
He contributed to the good of the community.
He controls himself admirably.
He convinced me of his innocence.
He convinced me that it was not his fault.
He convinced us of his innocence.
He cooked me dinner.
He cooked up a good excuse for not going to the party.
He coughed.
He could be in the gymnasium.
He could die.
He could do it.
He could do nothing but watch.
He could get the information by reading the letter.
He could hardly make himself understood.
He could hardly wait to hear the news.
He could no longer restrain himself.
He could not answer that question.
He could not believe his eyes.
He could not carry out his plan.
He could not come because of his illness.
He could not control his anger.
He could not forsake his friend in trouble.
He could not go out because of the heavy rain.
He could not help laughing at her jokes.
He could not resist the temptation.
He could not sleep because of the heat.
He could not speak French well.
He could not speak clearly.
He could not stand being kept waiting so long.
He could not swim.
He could not walk any further.
He could speak French.
He could still be alive somewhere.
He could swim fast enough to pass the test.
He couldn't attend the meeting because he was sick.
He couldn't bear the heat.
He couldn't bear the thought of leaving her.
He couldn't bring himself to believe her story.
He couldn't bring himself to shoot the deer.
He couldn't carry out his first plan.
He couldn't come because he was sick.
He couldn't concentrate on the conversation.
He couldn't control the horse.
He couldn't convince her of her mistake.
He couldn't do such a thing.
He couldn't find the house.
He couldn't fulfill the promise he made to his father.
He couldn't get his ideas across to the students.
He couldn't go out because of the snow.
He couldn't have put it more plainly.
He couldn't help laughing at it.
He couldn't pass the entrance examination.
He couldn't resist the temptation.
He couldn't speak because the audience was too noisy.
He couldn't stand the bitterness of the coffee.
He couldn't start the motor.
He couldn't stop smiling.
He couldn't take it any longer.
He couldn't tell green from blue.
He couldn't think where to hide it.
He countered their proposal with a surprising suggestion.
He crawled out of bed.
He crawled out of the window.
He cried and cried.
He cried out for help in a loud voice.
He cried out for help.
He crossed his legs.
He crossed over to England.
He crossed the Pacific Ocean in a sailboat.
He crossed the street.
He cut down a tree in his garden.
He cut down on drinking.
He cut his sister a piece of bread.
He cut off a branch from the tree.
He cut off a slice of meat.
He cut off two meters of the rope.
He cut the apple in half.
He cut the envelope open.
He danced all night long.
He dances gracefully.
He dared not jump over the brook.
He dashed out of the store.
He deals fairly with people.
He deals in furniture.
He deceived his friend.
He deceived me.
He decided he would put off his departure.
He decided not to go to the meeting.
He decided not to go.
He decided on that.
He decided on the red car.
He decided to become an author.
He decided to feed his dog the rabbit that he had shot earlier that day.
He decided to get on with the plan.
He decided to put off his departure.
He decided to quit smoking.
He decided to submit his resignation.
He decided to trust the lawyer with the document.
He decided to write in his diary every day.
He declined my proposal.
He declined their invitation.
He declined to answer the questions put to him.
He declined to comment.
He dedicated himself to painting, without thinking of fame or fortune.
He dedicated himself to research.
He dedicated his life to medical work.
He dedicated his whole life to helping poor people.
He dedicates himself to research.
He deemed it wise to accept the offer.
He defeated his enemy.
He defeated his opponent in the election.
He definitely wanted to start a fight.
He delivered a speech.
He delivers newspapers.
He demanded a replacement for the broken part.
He demanded better pay.
He demanded that his salary be increased.
He demands immediate payment.
He denied everything.
He denied having been involved in the affair.
He denied having done it.
He denied having met her.
He denied having said such a thing.
He denied having stolen the money.
He denied having written to me.
He denied it.
He denied knowing anything about it.
He denied that he had accepted the bribe.
He denied that he knew that man.
He denied the accusation.
He denied the rumor.
He denies having done it.
He denies having said so.
He denies himself nothing.
He described exactly what happened.
He described his own experience.
He described the incident in detail.
He deserved it.
He deserved to be hanged.
He deserves a promotion.
He deserves the prize.
He deserves the punishment.
He deserves to know the truth.
He designed the car.
He developed his talent for painting after fifty.
He devoted all his time to the study of history.
He devoted himself to the study of English literature.
He devoted his life to education.
He devoted his whole life to science.
He devotes himself to his work.
He devoured his meal.
He dictated several letters to his secretary.
He did a cartwheel.
He did a great job.
He did a lot for his people, but he could have done much more.
He did a pretty good job.
He did a real snow job on my daughter.
He did a very foolish thing.
He did as I told him.
He did badly at school.
He did both at the same time.
He did exactly as I had told him.
He did exactly what I told him to do.
He did his best to carry out the plan.
He did his duty.
He did his work painstakingly.
He did it as he had been told.
He did it at his own risk.
He did it for fun.
He did it for money.
He did it for the good of the community.
He did it for the money.
He did it himself.
He did it in good faith.
He did it just for fun.
He did it not for me but for himself.
He did it not once, but twice.
He did it only for my sake.
He did it out of curiosity.
He did it out of kindness.
He did it right away.
He did it simply out of curiosity.
He did it the old fashioned way.
He did it while he was drunk.
He did it without malice.
He did not accept my apologies.
He did not accept their invitation.
He did not believe the election was lost.
He did not buy it after all.
He did not come back before ten o'clock.
He did not come till noon.
He did not come.
He did not eat anything yesterday.
He did not get up early.
He did not go out, but sat down.
He did not have enough money.
He did not have much time to work on his speech.
He did not know what to say.
He did not prepare for his examination.
He did not put up his hand.
He did not read the book.
He did not realize where it had come from.
He did not return home till midnight.
He did not say a word to us.
He did not see anyone else at the station.
He did not seem sure of his answers.
He did not sleep a wink.
He did not speak at all.
He did not speak unless spoken to.
He did not want her to leave.
He did not work on Sunday night.
He did nothing but cry.
He did nothing but read newspapers.
He did nothing but watch TV all day.
He did nothing wrong.
He did the best he could.
He did the crossword with ease.
He did the opposite.
He did the reverse of what I asked.
He did the right thing.
He did the unthinkable.
He did the work better than anyone else.
He did the work in two days.
He did the work to the best of his ability.
He did well for a beginner.
He did well in all subjects and, above all, in mathematics.
He did what I told him to do.
He did what I wanted right away.
He did what he had been told.
He did what he promised to do.
He did what he was told.
He did what his conscience dictated.
He did what they told him.
He didn't agree to my proposal.
He didn't answer the phone, so I sent him an email.
He didn't attend the meeting.
He didn't believe it at first.
He didn't calm down until much later.
He didn't care about going to Heaven.
He didn't carry out his promise.
He didn't come back to the base yesterday.
He didn't come on time.
He didn't come to school yesterday.
He didn't come to the last meeting.
He didn't dare say anything.
He didn't divulge the information, not even under pain of torture.
He didn't do any work.
He didn't drink the milk.
He didn't eat anything yesterday.
He didn't even say goodbye.
He didn't fear death.
He didn't find what I hid.
He didn't fulfill his obligations.
He didn't get her joke.
He didn't get in until 2 o'clock in the morning.
He didn't get paid for it.
He didn't get the joke.
He didn't give me time to think.
He didn't go there. Neither did I.
He didn't have enough money to ride home on the train.
He didn't jump high enough to win a prize.
He didn't keep his appointment.
He didn't keep his promise that he would telephone me soon.
He didn't know Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet.
He didn't know how to express himself.
He didn't know that.
He didn't know what to do next.
He didn't know what to say.
He didn't like being poor.
He didn't listen to music.
He didn't make public what he had discovered there.
He didn't need to bring an umbrella.
He didn't notice the change.
He didn't notice the small video camera above the traffic signal.
He didn't open his mouth all afternoon.
He didn't order dinner yet.
He didn't participate in the discussion.
He didn't respond to my question.
He didn't return until it was already too late.
He didn't reveal his identity.
He didn't run fast enough to catch the train.
He didn't say a single word.
He didn't say a word.
He didn't say anything.
He didn't say in which year he was born.
He didn't see a thing.
He didn't see anybody.
He didn't see anything.
He didn't shed a tear.
He didn't show up at the breakfast.
He didn't show up at the party last night.
He didn't show up at the party yesterday evening.
He didn't show up.
He didn't speak to me at all.
He didn't speak to me for several days.
He didn't start to paint until he was thirty.
He didn't stop talking.
He didn't study at all.
He didn't succeed in explaining what he wanted.
He didn't take an umbrella with him.
He didn't tell a lie. As a matter of fact, he told the whole truth.
He didn't tell the truth.
He didn't want to antagonize her.
He didn't want to disappoint his mother.
He didn't want to do it.
He didn't want to get in trouble.
He didn't want to sell the book.
He didn't want to talk about it further.
He didn't win the prize, but he came close to it.
He died a few days later.
He died a few hours later.
He died a happy man.
He died a sad death.
He died an unnatural death.
He died and his soul went to hell.
He died as he was returning to England.
He died at the age of seventy.
He died before the ambulance arrived.
He died doing what he loved.
He died fighting in the Vietnam War.
He died five years ago.
He died from lack of oxygen.
He died from overwork.
He died last year.
He died of a drug overdose.
He died of a heart attack.
He died of lung cancer.
He died of natural causes.
He died of old age two years ago.
He died of that disease.
He died on the day his son arrived.
He died one year ago.
He died peacefully in bed at the age of 86.
He died recently.
He died ten years ago.
He died three years ago.
He died when he was 54 years old.
He died without having made a will.
He died yesterday.
He disappeared in the crowd.
He disappeared into a dark corner at the back of the shop.
He disappeared without a trace.
He disappeared.
He disclaimed all responsibility for the accident.
He disclosed to me that he had been in prison.
He discovered a new star.
He discovered that he had made a mistake.
He disguised himself as a woman.
He dislikes me.
He dislocated his arm.
He dislocated his shoulder.
He dismissed most of his men.
He disregarded my advice.
He distanced himself from politics.
He divided one million dollars among his five sons.
He divided the apples among the five of us.
He divorced his wife last month.
He does a kind act once a day.
He does everything very quickly.
He does his duty.
He does not believe in evolution.
He does not care for any sport involving team work or quick responses to other players.
He does not care for ice cream.
He does not come here every day.
He does not get up early.
He does not have a particle of honesty in him.
He does not have any relatives at all.
He does not have to do this.
He does not know how to behave at the table.
He does not know how to drive a car.
He does not know how to solve the problem.
He does not know what it is to be poor.
He does not know.
He does not like cats.
He does not like tennis.
He does not like us.
He does not listen.
He does not live in Sendai.
He does not live there any more.
He does not look up to his parents.
He does not need a wife to look after him.
He does not seem to be able to catch on to what she is saying.
He does not smoke.
He does not study hard enough.
He does not take care of his children.
He does not understand modern technology.
He does not watch TV at all.
He does nothing but complain from morning till night.
He does nothing but play all day.
He does nothing but read books all day long.
He does this all the time.
He does twenty push-ups every morning.
He does well considering that he has no experience.
He doesn't allow interruptions.
He doesn't always come late.
He doesn't believe me at all.
He doesn't care a bit about me.
He doesn't care about anything.
He doesn't care about money.
He doesn't care for sweet things.
He doesn't care much for baseball.
He doesn't charge much.
He doesn't come here every day.
He doesn't do stupid things like that.
He doesn't drink anymore.
He doesn't drink.
He doesn't earn enough money to live on.
He doesn't eat anything except fruit.
He doesn't eat anything other than fruit.
He doesn't eat meat, does he?
He doesn't eat raw fish.
He doesn't eat this, does he?
He doesn't even remember what happened last night.
He doesn't get jokes.
He doesn't have a computer.
He doesn't have a hat on.
He doesn't have a job. He's retired.
He doesn't have a sister.
He doesn't have a ticket.
He doesn't have any children.
He doesn't have any friends to talk to.
He doesn't have any friends.
He doesn't have any pets.
He doesn't have any real friends.
He doesn't have as many books as she does.
He doesn't have enough experience.
He doesn't have enough money to travel.
He doesn't have his medication.
He doesn't have his phone on him.
He doesn't have the ability to do the work properly.
He doesn't have the guts to say no to my plan.
He doesn't have the ticket.
He doesn't have the time to play cards.
He doesn't have to go to school.
He doesn't have to know.
He doesn't just speak French, he speaks Spanish as well.
He doesn't know English at all.
He doesn't know English.
He doesn't know French at all.
He doesn't know any better.
He doesn't know any of us.
He doesn't know how to play golf.
He doesn't know how to play the guitar.
He doesn't know how to swim.
He doesn't know how to write a letter in English.
He doesn't know me.
He doesn't know much about Japan.
He doesn't know the difference between good and evil.
He doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
He doesn't know what it is to be poor.
He doesn't know what to do with his money.
He doesn't know yet.
He doesn't lie.
He doesn't like any sport.
He doesn't like being told what to do.
He doesn't like coffee.
He doesn't like eggs.
He doesn't like fish.
He doesn't like oranges.
He doesn't like to lose.
He doesn't like to wait until the last moment to do something.
He doesn't like traveling by air.
He doesn't like traveling by plane.
He doesn't like us.
He doesn't listen to me.
He doesn't listen.
He doesn't live far away.
He doesn't live here anymore.
He doesn't live there anymore.
He doesn't look happy to see us.
He doesn't look his age.
He doesn't look like an intelligent boy.
He doesn't love his girlfriend.
He doesn't love me.
He doesn't mean to be mean. It's just his nature.
He doesn't mince words.
He doesn't mind risking his life.
He doesn't need to get up so early.
He doesn't obey his parents.
He doesn't play video games.
He doesn't realise that he's tone deaf.
He doesn't realize that he doesn't have time for these things.
He doesn't realize what he's lost.
He doesn't remember anything.
He doesn't remember me anymore.
He doesn't seem to be a very intelligent boy.
He doesn't seem to be an American.
He doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
He doesn't seem to be heading for the town.
He doesn't show any sign of life.
He doesn't show his true feelings.
He doesn't sing very well.
He doesn't sing well.
He doesn't sleep.
He doesn't smoke and he doesn't drink vodka.
He doesn't smoke.
He doesn't speak my language.
He doesn't speak our language.
He doesn't stand a chance.
He doesn't take care of his children.
He doesn't take vacations.
He doesn't talk to me anymore.
He doesn't tell lies.
He doesn't understand me.
He doesn't understand sarcasm.
He doesn't understand what you say.
He doesn't understand you.
He doesn't want kids.
He doesn't want to admit that he has a drinking problem.
He doesn't want to get in trouble.
He doesn't want to get involved.
He doesn't want to go to school today.
He doesn't want to go to school.
He doesn't want to see you.
He doesn't want to talk about it.
He doesn't want to wait for you.
He doesn't want to work in a factory.
He doesn't want you to know.
He doesn't watch TV at all.
He doesn't watch television at all.
He doesn't work as hard as he used to.
He doesn't work here anymore.
He doesn't work here now, but he used to work here.
He doubted the truth of her story.
He dozed off.
He drank a beer.
He drank a bottle of wine.
He drank a cup of tea and then asked for another.
He drank a glass of red wine.
He drank a little.
He drank a lot yesterday.
He drank beer.
He drank detergent by mistake.
He drank it in one gulp.
He drank orange juice out of a bottle.
He drank straight from the bottle.
He drank the whisky as if it were water.
He drank three bottles of beer.
He drank three glasses of water.
He dreaded having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
He dreamed of being a hero.
He dressed as a fireman for Halloween.
He dressed like a girl.
He dressed up as a woman.
He dressed very modestly.
He drew $100 from his account.
He drew a deep breath.
He dried his wet clothes by the fire.
He drinks a glass of water every morning.
He drinks a lot but always seems sober.
He drinks excessive amounts of coffee.
He drinks himself unconscious every night.
He drinks his coffee black every time.
He drinks too much alcohol.
He drinks too much.
He drives a Ferrari.
He drives a Lotus.
He drives a car, doesn't he?
He drives a pickup truck.
He drives a tow truck.
He drives a truck.
He drives an electric car.
He drives fast.
He drives his own car.
He drives me crazy.
He drives very fast.
He dropped a vase.
He dropped his books on the floor.
He dropped in to see us.
He dropped out of college in the first year.
He dropped out of high school.
He dropped out of school in his second year.
He dropped the anchovies.
He dropped the cup and broke it.
He dropped the sausage on the ground.
He dropped to his knees.
He drove carelessly and had an accident.
He drove down to the hotel.
He drove his car to Yokohama.
He drove the truck to Dallas.
He drowned while swimming in the river.
He dumped me.
He dwells in the country.
He dwelt on the complexities of modern life.
He dyed his hair black.
He earned his living as a teacher.
He earns a good salary.
He earns a living.
He earns double my salary.
He earns his living by teaching English.
He earns his living by teaching.
He earns his living by writing.
He earns more money than he can spend.
He earns no less than three hundred dollars a day.
He earns over 500 dollars a month at that job.
He earns over 500 dollars a month from that job.
He earns three times as much as me.
He earns three times more than I do.
He earns three times more than me.
He earns twenty dollars a day.
He earns twice as much as me.
He earns twice my salary.
He easily gets angry.
He eats a lot.
He eats around the clock.
He eats nothing but fruit.
He eats nothing other than fruit.
He eats too much.
He embarked on his marriage with many hopes and fears.
He emptied his glass.
He emptied his pockets of their contents.
He encountered a friend on the road.
He encountered unexpected obstacles.
He encouraged his son to study harder.
He enjoyed cycling.
He enjoys eating ice cream.
He enjoys playing tennis.
He enjoys wandering around the forest in his spare time.
He enlisted in the Foreign Legion.
He entered Tokyo University this spring.
He entered his room.
He entered my room without permission.
He entered the army.
He entered the bank disguised as a guard.
He entered the garden secretly.
He entered the room after you left.
He entered the room on tiptoes.
He entered the room with his hat off.
He entered through the window.
He envied my success.
He envies all his friends.
He equipped himself with everything needed to climb the mountain.
He escaped from prison.
He established the company.
He estimated the loss at five million yen.
He even called me an idiot.
He eventually married an Italian woman ten years his junior.
He examined it from top to bottom.
He examined the spare parts one after another.
He excels in many sports.
He exchanged yen for dollars.
He excluded the woman from the suspects.
He excused himself for being late.
He explained his plan both to my son and to me.
He explained how the accident came about.
He explained how to make a fire.
He explained in detail what he had seen.
He explained it in detail.
He explained the literal meaning of the phrase.
He explained the main purpose of the plan.
He explained the matter to me.
He explained the rule to me.
He explained to Mary why he was late for her birthday party.
He explained to me how to use the machine.
He explained to me that he had no money.
He explored the Amazon jungle.
He exposed himself to the ridicule of his classmates.
He expressed himself clearly.
He expressed himself in good English.
He expressed his feelings in the form of a painting.
He expressed his opinion in a few words.
He extended his right arm.
He extinguished the fire.
He extorted a large amount of money from her.
He failed in his attempt to swim across the river.
He failed in spite of his great efforts.
He failed many times, but he had no feeling that it was a waste of time.
He failed the entrance exam.
He failed the exam because he had not studied enough.
He failed the exam.
He failed to catch the 8:30 train.
He failed to come up to our expectations.
He failed to pass his driving test.
He failed to take the exam.
He failed to write to his father that week.
He failed, due to lack of money.
He fainted in the middle of his speech.
He fastened the horse's pack with a rope.
He fed his dog at the same time every day.
He fed the horse.
He feels a good deal better than yesterday.
He feels very happy.
He feels weak after his illness.
He fell a victim to a deadly disease.
He fell and broke his arm while he was skiing.
He fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
He fell asleep right away.
He fell asleep under the tree.
He fell asleep while reading a book.
He fell asleep with the radio on.
He fell backward.
He fell down on the floor.
He fell for her big time.
He fell for it hook, line, and sinker.
He fell from the tree.
He fell head over heels into the water.
He fell head-long into the river.
He fell ill a few days ago.
He fell ill because he ate too much.
He fell in love with a younger woman.
He fell in love with her at first sight.
He fell in love with his best friend.
He fell in love with the girl at first sight.
He fell into a deep sleep.
He fell into a deep slumber.
He fell into the ditch.
He fell off the horse.
He fell under the suspicion of the police.
He felt a pain in his back.
He felt as if he were in a dream.
He felt at home.
He felt awkward after she kissed him.
He felt for his matches and found them in his back pocket.
He felt great affection for his sister.
He felt her hand on his shoulder.
He felt his heart beating fast.
He felt his way through the darkness.
He felt sad because he lost his father.
He felt something crawl up his leg.
He felt that this was too good a chance to miss.
He felt the same way as I did.
He felt utterly humiliated.
He filed a complaint.
He filled the bottle with water.
He filled the bucket with water.
He filled the glass with wine.
He filled the glasses with wine.
He finally achieved what he set out to do.
He finally broke up with that woman.
He finally decided to get married.
He finally decided to try.
He finally found his calling.
He finally got his wish.
He finally hit upon a solution to his problem.
He finally met my demands.
He finds faults with everything I do.
He finds it very hard to do without cigarettes for a day.
He finished breakfast.
He finished drinking one beer and ordered another.
He finished it as quick as lightning.
He finished reading the book.
He finished school in March.
He finished the beer and ordered another.
He finished the bulk of his work before dinner.
He fired but missed.
He fired most of his men.
He fits the description in the newspaper.
He fixed the broken table.
He fixed the net.
He flew a kite with his son.
He flew a kite.
He flew from London to Paris.
He flew to Paris.
He flipped the switch and threw the room into brightness.
He flirts with every woman he meets.
He followed his sister's example and demanded more money.
He followed in his father's footsteps.
He forced his way into the room.
He forced me to go.
He forgot his promise to go there.
He forgot his wedding anniversary.
He forgot my birthday.
He forgot to bring clothes.
He forgot to bring his homework, so he got detention.
He forgot to lock the door.
He forgot to turn off the light.
He fought against racial discrimination.
He fought until the end.
He found a ball in the garden.
He found a broken camera.
He found a nice apartment for Mary.
He found a public telephone and called a taxi.
He found an unexpected way to deal with the problem.
He found her irresistible.
He found his key and opened the door.
He found his master.
He found it difficult to make himself understood in German.
He found it.
He found my bicycle.
He found my bike.
He found out the secret.
He found the box under the table.
He found the door closed.
He found the door locked.
He founded the school five years ago.
He framed the picture he had bought on the street.
He frequently neglects his work.
He frowned and turned away.
He froze in his tracks.
He froze to death.
He froze with fear when he saw the snake.
He gathered his children around him.
He gathered up his things and left.
He gave a deep sigh.
He gave a detailed description of the accident.
He gave a loud cry for help.
He gave a vague answer.
He gave an account of how he had escaped.
He gave away all his money.
He gave away his entire fortune to an old friend's daughter, and expected nothing in return.
He gave each of them a pencil.
He gave her a book.
He gave her a box.
He gave her a diamond bracelet.
He gave her a foot massage.
He gave her a kiss on the hand.
He gave her a piece of paper.
He gave her an approving nod.
He gave her an engagement ring last night.
He gave him a book.
He gave his camera to his friend.
He gave his children a good education.
He gave his life for his country.
He gave his seat to the old man.
He gave in.
He gave it a new name.
He gave it to me for nothing.
He gave it to me willingly.
He gave it to me.
He gave me 10,000 yen.
He gave me a bad cold.
He gave me a blank stare.
He gave me a cold.
He gave me a half dozen linen handkerchiefs.
He gave me a hint.
He gave me a hug.
He gave me a nice Christmas present.
He gave me a ride home.
He gave me a smile of recognition.
He gave me a watch.
He gave me a wink.
He gave me all his money.
He gave me an example.
He gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.
He gave me back the money.
He gave me clothes as well as food.
He gave me food and money as well.
He gave me his word.
He gave me not just advice, but money as well.
He gave me some stamps.
He gave me this book.
He gave me this doll in token of his gratitude.
He gave me what I needed.
He gave me what little money he had.
He gave money to each of his sons.
He gave several examples of how we could change things.
He gave the boy what little money he had.
He gave the child a toy.
He gave the police a false name and address.
He gave them a lift to the town.
He gave them food and money.
He gave three wrong answers.
He gave up cigarettes.
He gave up going abroad to study because of his father's sudden death.
He gave up his life for his country.
He gave up hope.
He gave up smoking two years ago.
He gave up taking part in the marathon on account of his cold.
He gave up.
He gave us a detailed account of his experiences in Africa.
He gave us quite a lot of trouble.
He gave us such a long assignment that we protested.
He gave us the signal to begin.
He gazed at the ceiling for a long time.
He gets a haircut once a month.
He gets a high salary.
He gets ahead of everybody in his work.
He gets along all right.
He gets along very well with his friends.
He gets angry at the slightest thing.
He gets angry if he's contradicted.
He gets angry very easily.
He gets around a lot.
He gets his hair cut once a month.
He gets mad very easily.
He gets tired easily.
He gets up as early as five every morning.
He gets up at 7.
He gets up at seven.
He gets up early.
He gives an apple to the teacher every day.
He gives her everything she asks for.
He gives plain, simple explanations.
He gladly accepted our offer.
He glanced at his watch.
He glanced at the clock.
He glanced over the newspaper before turning in.
He goes fishing every other day.
He goes there every day.
He goes to a school for the deaf.
He goes to bed at eight o'clock.
He goes to bed early but it takes him a long time to get to sleep.
He goes to kindergarten.
He goes to school by bicycle.
He goes to school on foot.
He goes to the library to read books.
He goes to work on foot every day except on rainy days.
He gorged himself on ice cream.
He got a D.
He got a cramp while he was swimming.
He got a good grade in mathematics.
He got a loan from the bank.
He got a prize for winning the competition.
He got ahead of me.
He got angry with us.
He got angry.
He got away disguised as a policeman.
He got away.
He got bored after fifteen minutes.
He got bored quickly.
He got down on his knees and prayed for the souls of the deceased.
He got engaged to my cousin.
He got fired for making waves too often.
He got fired for slacking off at work.
He got his car washed at the filling station.
He got his doctorate.
He got his sister to help him paint his room.
He got hoarse from so much shouting.
He got hooked on drugs at a young age.
He got hurt seriously in the traffic accident.
He got hurt when he fell down.
He got injured in a traffic accident.
He got into his car in a hurry.
He got into the car and drove off.
He got kicked off the team.
He got killed in an automobile accident.
He got lost in the city.
He got lost in the park.
He got lost on his way here.
He got lost on his way to the village.
He got lost while he was walking in the woods.
He got lost while walking in the woods.
He got mad at me for calling him Shorty.
He got married three days ago.
He got mixed up in his friend's affair.
He got no answer from her.
He got off the train.
He got off with a warning.
He got on the train.
He got out a book and began to read it.
He got out from under the car.
He got out of the habit of smoking.
He got over his difficulties.
He got over the difficulties.
He got ready for departure.
He got rich quickly.
He got the ball.
He got the first prize.
He got the short end of the stick.
He got tired of being the devil's advocate and now agrees with every idea they suggest, no matter how dumb.
He got tired soon.
He got to school just in time.
He got up and left in the middle of the discussion.
He got up at eight in the morning.
He got up at five as usual.
He got up earlier than usual this morning.
He got up early so he'd be in time for the train.
He got up early this morning.
He got up quickly, splashed cold water on his face, brushed his teeth, and shaved.
He got up suddenly and walked out of the room.
He got up to see if he had turned off the light in the kitchen.
He got used to the work.
He got used to working two hours every day in the garden.
He got very mad.
He got well again.
He got what he deserved.
He got what he wanted against all odds.
He got what he wanted.
He grabbed her hand.
He grabbed me by the collar.
He grabbed my arm.
He grabbed my hand.
He graduated from Cambridge with honors.
He graduated from Harvard.
He graduated from Tokyo University.
He graduated from college last year.
He graduated from high school this spring.
He greeted me with a smile.
He greeted the lady.
He grew a beard while he was on holiday.
He grew potatoes in his garden.
He grew up in Australia.
He grew up in Germany.
He grew up in a little village.
He grew up in a small town.
He grew up in small towns in Texas.
He grew up to be a very reliable man.
He grinned from ear to ear.
He gripped my hand.
He gritted his teeth and forced back his growing fear.
He had a blue jacket on.
He had a book in his hand.
He had a certain charm.
He had a copy made of this key.
He had a dog.
He had a dream about coming naked to school.
He had a falling-out with his friends.
He had a gentleness that was attractive to women.
He had a good look at the papers.
He had a hard time making a living.
He had a hasty breakfast.
He had a headache.
He had a hungry look.
He had a leg amputated.
He had a lot of things to do.
He had a near-death experience.
He had a new idea.
He had a new suit made.
He had a share in completing the job.
He had a shower before breakfast.
He had a slight edge on his opponent.
He had a strange dream.
He had a stroke.
He had a strong alibi.
He had a traffic accident on his way to school.
He had a traffic accident.
He had all the attributes of a leader.
He had almost no formal education.
He had already gone.
He had ambition.
He had an absent look on his face.
He had an accident and broke his leg.
He had an accident and fractured his leg.
He had an accident at work.
He had an accident on his way home.
He had an accident.
He had an intense hatred of his teacher.
He had an operation on his left leg.
He had an unpleasant screechy voice.
He had barely enough money to buy bread and milk.
He had barely enough to eat.
He had been ill for a week when they sent for a doctor.
He had been repairing the car and looked tired when I arrived home.
He had been there for ten years before he came to Kyoto.
He had breakfast all alone.
He had dark brown hair.
He had decided on a new policy.
He had difficulty in finding his way to the hotel.
He had dinner by himself.
He had faults, but despite that I loved him.
He had few other friends.
He had few teeth.
He had fifty dollars.
He had friends all over the world.
He had fun with her.
He had fun with it.
He had his car stolen in that parking lot.
He had his car stolen yesterday.
He had his hair cut short.
He had his older sister help him paint the wall of his room.
He had his secretary make another copy.
He had his secretary translate the letter into English.
He had his secretary type the report.
He had his shirt on inside out.
He had his socks on inside out.
He had his wallet stolen.
He had just come home when I called.
He had known some of them before the war.
He had long hair last year.
He had lost all hope.
He had many political enemies.
He had more than enough money.
He had no chance to visit us.
He had no difficulty explaining the mystery.
He had no difficulty in explaining the mystery.
He had no difficulty in finding the place.
He had no difficulty swimming across the river.
He had no distinguishing features.
He had no friend to help him.
He had no friend to talk to.
He had no hat on.
He had no idea what these words meant.
He had no intention of waiting for three hours.
He had no luck in finding work.
He had no memory of the accident.
He had no money and so could not buy any food.
He had no money.
He had no objection.
He had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave.
He had no sooner gone out of the room than all of them burst out laughing.
He had nothing to do with it.
He had nothing to do with the case.
He had nothing to say, so he left.
He had one daughter.
He had one of his socks on inside out.
He had only one hundred yen with him.
He had plenty of money for his trip.
He had scarcely escaped when he was recaptured.
He had steak and fried potatoes.
He had the ambition to be prime minister.
He had the appearance of being half-starved.
He had the bad habit of drinking too much wine.
He had the cheek to ask me to help him.
He had the courage to decline the offer.
He had the courage to expose the scandal.
He had the gift of prophecy.
He had the kindness to show me the way.
He had the last laugh.
He had the misfortune to lose all his money.
He had the misfortune to lose his son.
He had the right idea.
He had three bullet wounds in his chest.
He had three pieces of baggage.
He had three sons who became doctors.
He had three sons.
He had to call on all his experience to carry out the plan.
He had to clean his room.
He had to commit the whole message to memory.
He had to comply with her decision.
He had to continue his trip in secret.
He had to face the music.
He had to feed his large family.
He had to go through a lot of hardships.
He had to go without food for days.
He had to learn to accept that failures were necessary milestones on the road to success.
He had to leave for Tokyo on short notice.
He had to leave the city, so he moved to Berlin.
He had to leave the village.
He had to part with his house.
He had to pawn his watch.
He had to pay the damages.
He had to save the princess.
He had to share the hotel room with a stranger.
He had to stand in line at the ticket office.
He had to stay in bed.
He had to tell his readers what happened.
He had to undergo an operation immediately after his fall.
He had to work even on Sunday.
He had to work hard day and night.
He had trouble breathing.
He had two hundred head of cattle.
He had used up all the money which his friend had lent him.
He had worked for the law firm for six years.
He hadn't eaten anything the whole day and was hungry.
He hadn't eaten in two days.
He handed the salesclerk the money.
He handled the tool skillfully.
He hanged himself.
He happened to be there.
He hardly ever works.
He has 12 sons.
He has Alzheimer's.
He has a Japanese car.
He has a Picasso.
He has a bad reputation with his students.
He has a bad temper.
He has a basket full of strawberries.
He has a bath every morning.
He has a beard.
He has a bicycle.
He has a big family.
He has a big mouth.
He has a black shirt.
He has a bookstore in the center of the city.
He has a bright future.
He has a brother and two sisters.
He has a brother in Tokyo.
He has a brother who lives in Tokyo.
He has a butler and a cook.
He has a camera.
He has a car that has four doors.
He has a car.
He has a cat and two dogs.
He has a checkered past.
He has a cold now.
He has a cold.
He has a considerable income.
He has a crush on this girl.
He has a dark secret.
He has a daughter who is pretty.
He has a daughter who is very pretty.
He has a deep insight into human psychology.
He has a doctor's degree in psychology.
He has a dog.
He has a drug allergy.
He has a dual personality.
He has a family to support.
He has a fear that his brother will fail.
He has a fertile imagination.
He has a few pens.
He has a firm belief.
He has a foreign car.
He has a friendly nature.
He has a funny name.
He has a good accent.
He has a good chance of being chosen.
He has a good chance of being elected.
He has a good chance of getting elected.
He has a good eye for art.
He has a good fastball.
He has a good memory.
He has a good position in a government office.
He has a good position in the bank.
He has a good reputation.
He has a good understanding of the problems.
He has a great deal of property.
He has a hairy chest.
He has a hard time remembering names.
He has a hat on.
He has a headache.
He has a heart condition.
He has a heart of gold.
He has a house of his own.
He has a job in the Treasury Department.
He has a kind heart.
He has a large family to provide for.
He has a large family to support.
He has a large family.
He has a large house and two cars.
He has a large number of books on his bookshelf.
He has a large number of books.
He has a large staff working for him.
He has a large truck.
He has a little money.
He has a long neck.
He has a long nose.
He has a lot more money than I have.
He has a lot of acquaintances.
He has a lot of books on history.
He has a lot of confidence.
He has a lot of creative ideas.
He has a lot of foreign stamps.
He has a lot of land.
He has a lot of money in the bank.
He has a lot of money, but has almost no friends.
He has a lot of money.
He has a lot of teaching experience.
He has a loud voice.
He has a lunch.
He has a maid to wait on him.
He has a natural gift for speaking.
He has a new car and an old car.
He has a new girlfriend already.
He has a new woman in his life.
He has a nice income.
He has a nice personality.
He has a nose bleed.
He has a perfect body.
He has a perfect command of English.
He has a photographic memory.
He has a point.
He has a prejudice against foreigners.
He has a remarkable aptitude for music.
He has a remarkable memory.
He has a reputation for being very wise.
He has a rich imagination.
He has a round face.
He has a second job.
He has a sense of humor.
He has a sister and she goes to school, too.
He has a small advantage.
He has a son and two daughters.
He has a special regard for her.
He has a split personality.
He has a store on the main road.
He has a strange name.
He has a strong personality.
He has a strong shoulder for you to lean on.
He has a sweet voice.
He has a swimming pool.
He has a talent for acting.
He has a tendency to be pessimistic.
He has a terrible hangover.
He has a test next week.
He has a tight schedule.
He has a very dry sense of humor.
He has a very friendly smile.
He has a very interesting book.
He has a very vivid imagination.
He has a vivid imagination.
He has a wealthy supporter behind him.
He has a white cat.
He has absolute power.
He has access to the American Embassy.
He has acted wisely.
He has already begun.
He has already finished his work.
He has already gone home.
He has already said yes.
He has always understood our problems right away.
He has an air of mystery about him.
He has an electrical equipment factory.
He has an endless store of good jokes.
He has an estate in the country.
He has an eye for antiques.
He has an eye for art.
He has an incurable disease.
He has an interesting book.
He has another son.
He has at most 100 dollars.
He has bad eyes.
He has become fond of sports.
He has been busy since this morning.
He has been dead for three years.
He has been driving for hours.
He has been engaged in foreign trade for twenty years.
He has been gaining weight.
He has been in Japan for three years.
He has been in Japan for two years.
He has been like a father to me.
He has been playing tennis since this morning.
He has been sick for a long time.
He has been sick for a week.
He has been sick in bed all week.
He has been sick in bed for a week.
He has been studying French for eight years.
He has been teaching for 20 years.
He has been telling lies about himself.
He has been the chief of his tribe for 35 years.
He has been to America.
He has been to Europe many times.
He has been to France three times.
He has been to London three times.
He has been to many places.
He has been warned on several occasions.
He has been working all day long.
He has begun on a new book.
He has begun to enjoy country life.
He has big problems.
He has blond hair.
He has blue eyes and blond hair.
He has blue eyes and fair hair.
He has bought a new car.
He has braces.
He has broken the record.
He has brown eyes.
He has brown hair.
He has built two houses so far.
He has changed a lot, and he is no longer what he used to be.
He has changed.
He has come a long way.
He has come from Boston.
He has come!
He has completely recovered and can go back to work.
He has consistently endeavored to help the poor.
He has corporal's stripes.
He has decided not to go to the meeting.
He has decided to become a pilot.
He has dedicated his life to the preservation of nature.
He has devoted himself to his studies recently.
He has done his utmost for me.
He has dozens of English books.
He has drawn up a will.
He has eleven children.
He has enough money to buy it.
He has enough money.
He has eyes at the back of his head.
He has fallen in love with me.
He has few friends here except you.
He has few friends.
He has four mobile phones.
He has gone abroad by himself.
He has gone back to California for good.
He has gone mad.
He has gone out for a walk.
He has gone to Britain.
He has gone to Hokkaido.
He has good grounds for believing that.
He has greasy hair.
He has great confidence in himself.
He has green eyes.
He has grown three centimeters this year.
He has guts.
He has had a crush on her.
He has half as many books as I do.
He has hardly any money, but he gets by.
He has her under his thumb.
He has his hair cut once a month.
He has his office in town.
He has his own room.
He has his reasons for staying there.
He has just arrived at New Tokyo International Airport.
He has just bought a used car.
He has just published an interesting series of articles.
He has knowledge and experience as well.
He has large blue eyes.
He has learned to be patient.
He has lived in Iceland for a long time.
He has long hair.
He has lost face.
He has lost his father's watch.
He has lost interest in politics.
He has made a big improvement in tennis.
He has made a promise to come again.
He has made little progress in his English.
He has made me what I am today.
He has made me what I am.
He has made the baseball team.
He has made the same mistake twice.
He has made up his mind to buy the car.
He has many acquaintances but few friends.
He has many history books.
He has many tenants on his land.
He has money, but he's not happy.
He has money.
He has more books than I do.
He has more books than he can ever read.
He has more books than he can read in his entire life.
He has more books than he can read.
He has more money than he can spend.
He has more money than he can use.
He has more money than is needed.
He has more than five dictionaries.
He has much more money than I have.
He has never been abroad.
He has never been heard of since.
He has never been late for school.
He has never been scolded by his father.
He has never come on time that I know of.
He has never hurt anyone.
He has never played golf.
He has no bicycle.
He has no chance of recovering.
He has no chance of succeeding.
He has no children.
He has no close friends to talk with.
He has no equal in the field of electronics.
He has no family to support.
He has no fear.
He has no friends besides me.
He has no friends to fall back on.
He has no friends to talk with.
He has no girlfriend.
He has no hat on.
He has no house in which to live.
He has no idea that I'm coming.
He has no idea what he's doing.
He has no interest in art whatsoever.
He has no interest whatsoever in money.
He has no money.
He has no more strength.
He has no more than 1,000 yen.
He has no objection to our leaving.
He has no pity for anybody.
He has no political ambition.
He has no real friends.
He has no remorse.
He has no right to do this.
He has no sense of direction.
He has no servants at all.
He has no specific aim.
He has no trouble climbing trees.
He has no wife, no children and no friends.
He has not been able to attend school for a week.
He has not been heard of since.
He has not paid his portion of the rent.
He has not realized his mistakes yet.
He has not seen much of the world.
He has not written to them for a long time.
He has nothing against it.
He has nothing to do with it.
He has nothing to do.
He has one dog and six cats.
He has one son and two daughters.
He has only four pesos.
He has only six months to live.
He has overcome many obstacles.
He has overstepped his authority.
He has plenty of money in the bank.
He has poor eyesight.
He has powerful arms.
He has quite a few valuable paintings.
He has recently made remarkable progress in English.
He has red hair and freckles.
He has run out of energy.
He has seen better days.
He has seven sons.
He has several buyers for the property.
He has several men to work for him.
He has sharp hearing.
He has short hair.
He has small feet.
He has some money in the bank.
He has something to do with the case.
He has something to do with the matter.
He has something to do with the robbery.
He has something to do with the traffic accident.
He has spent most of his working life as a diplomat.
He has started acting strangely.
He has stopped smoking.
He has strange ideas.
He has taken over his father's business.
He has ten cows.
He has the advantage of a good education.
He has the backing of a certain politician.
He has the freedom to do what he thinks is right.
He has the habit of reading the newspaper during meals.
He has the habit of reading the newspaper while eating.
He has the habit of scratching his head.
He has the habit of standing up when he is angry.
He has the large room to himself.
He has the same camera as I have.
He has this large room to himself.
He has three brothers.
He has three daughters.
He has three older sisters.
He has three sons.
He has three times as many books as I have.
He has to come.
He has to fix the clock.
He has to get up immediately.
He has to have an operation next week.
He has to make a speech at the party.
He has to speak English.
He has to stay in bed.
He has to study hard.
He has to take two science classes.
He has to work hard in order to support his family.
He has too many books.
He has too much pride.
He has transmitted all his knowledge to his son.
He has trouble remembering names.
He has trouble waking up on time.
He has two Picassos.
He has two aunts on his mother's side.
He has two boys and a girl.
He has two cats.
He has two daughters, both of whom are married to doctors.
He has two daughters, one is a pianist and the other is a violist.
He has two daughters.
He has two dogs.
He has two pencils. One is long and the other one is short.
He has very bad handwriting.
He has very bad luck.
He has very little knowledge of geography.
He has very regular features.
He has very short hair.
He has visited France three times.
He has worked in the embassy for three months.
He has written many books about China.
He has written two books.
He hasn't appeared yet.
He hasn't been able to come because he is sick.
He hasn't changed a bit since I saw him.
He hasn't changed his mind.
He hasn't come yet.
He hasn't done anything.
He hasn't left any message.
He hasn't talked to me since.
He hasn't told me when he will return.
He hasn't written to them in a long time.
He hated lying.
He hates air travel.
He hates carrots.
He hates cleaning his room.
He hates her parents.
He hates himself.
He hates his life.
He hates his neighbor.
He hates shopping.
He hates spiders.
He heard a cry for help.
He heard a noise from the kitchen.
He heard a shout.
He heard a strange sound and sprang out of bed.
He heard footsteps.
He heard someone calling for help.
He heard the dog barking.
He held his breath while watching the match.
He held his breath.
He held the trophy up high.
He helped me carry the baggage.
He helped me carry the chair.
He helped me do my homework.
He helped me fix my watch.
He helped me move.
He helped me to get changed.
He helped me to get over the difficulties.
He helped the lady into the car.
He helps us.
He hesitated before answering.
He hesitated for a moment.
He hesitated for a while.
He hid behind the black car.
He hid behind the door.
He hid himself behind the door.
He hid his emotions and pretended to be enthusiastic.
He hid his grief behind a smile.
He hid his sadness behind a smile.
He hid his toys under the bed.
He hid in an abandoned building.
He himself did it.
He himself tried it.
He hired a new secretary.
He hired a private investigator.
He hired some new workers.
He hit his head on the shelf.
He hit me by mistake.
He hit me in the face.
He hit me on the head.
He hit me twice.
He hit the ball with his racket.
He hit the bull's-eye.
He hit the center of the target with his first shot.
He holds a record in swimming.
He holds a senior position in the government.
He holds the key to this problem.
He holds the rank of colonel.
He hoped the problem would solve itself.
He hopes he'll win and I hope so too.
He hopes to exhibit his paintings in Japan.
He hung a picture on the wall.
He hung up before I could say anything.
He hung up his coat.
He hung up.
He hurried to catch the train.
He hurried to the station so he wouldn't miss the train.
He hurried to the station.
He hurt her feelings on purpose.
He hurt himself during yesterday's game.
He hurt his left hand with a knife.
He hurt his left hand.
He ignored her advice.
He imitated the works of Van Gogh.
He impressed me with his magic tricks.
He informed me about the changes in the plan.
He inherited an old wooden chest.
He inherited the business from his father.
He inserted the key in the lock.
He insisted on going to the department store with his mother.
He insisted that I join him.
He insists on going to the park with his father.
He instantly denied it.
He instantly fell in love with her.
He insulted her. That is why she got angry.
He insulted me in public.
He insulted our team.
He insured his new house against fire.
He intended to marry her.
He intends to buy a new bicycle.
He interpreted for me.
He interpreted my silence as consent.
He interrupted his work to answer the phone.
He interrupted the speaker with frequent questions.
He intrigues me.
He introduced his daughter to me.
He introduced his sister to me.
He introduced me to his daughter.
He introduced me to his relatives at the reception.
He invented an excuse for being late.
He invested 500,000 yen in stocks.
He invested his money in stocks.
He is American.
He is Canadian.
He is English.
He is Ethiopian.
He is French by birth, but he is now a citizen of the USA.
He is French.
He is German by birth.
He is Japanese by birth.
He is Japanese.
He is a DJ.
He is a Japanese boy.
He is a bad boy.
He is a bad driver.
He is a baseball player.
He is a bit of a coward.
He is a bit on the heavy side.
He is a born artist.
He is a born poet.
He is a boy with many dreams.
He is a brave and cheerful boy.
He is a brave man.
He is a bus driver.
He is a capable lawyer.
He is a childhood friend.
He is a clever boy.
He is a close friend of my brother.
He is a complete stranger to me.
He is a compulsive gambler.
He is a danger to society.
He is a dentist by profession.
He is a dependable boss.
He is a detective.
He is a diplomat at the American Embassy.
He is a director, and should be treated as such.
He is a doctor and a university professor.
He is a doctor and also a novelist.
He is a doctor by profession.
He is a doctor.
He is a dramatist.
He is a famous detective and my friend.
He is a fast runner.
He is a fish dealer.
He is a formidable opponent.
He is a genius.
He is a gentleman.
He is a gentleman. He cannot have said such a thing.
He is a good athlete.
He is a good carpenter.
He is a good doctor.
He is a good listener but a poor speaker.
He is a good loser.
He is a good match for me.
He is a good singer.
He is a good speaker.
He is a good swimmer and also plays tennis well.
He is a good swimmer.
He is a good violinist, isn't he?
He is a good violinist.
He is a good writer.
He is a great authority on economics.
He is a harsh critic.
He is a head taller than me.
He is a heroin addict.
He is a jealous man.
He is a kind boy.
He is a kind person.
He is a lawyer by profession.
He is a lazy student.
He is a learned man.
He is a little over forty.
He is a lonely man with few friends.
He is a man of action.
He is a man of character.
He is a man of few words.
He is a man of his word, so if he said he'd help, he will.
He is a man of his word.
He is a man of reason.
He is a man of wealth.
He is a man to be reckoned with.
He is a mathematical genius.
He is a mean fellow.
He is a medical student.
He is a member of the parish committee.
He is a mere child.
He is a most important person.
He is a naughty boy.
He is a nice man, except that he talks too much.
He is a nice person, to be sure, but not very clever.
He is a painter.
He is a perfect gentleman.
He is a perfectionist.
He is a poet and statesman.
He is a poet.
He is a professor of English at Leeds.
He is a psychic.
He is a real gentleman.
He is a really good worker.
He is a recent convert to Catholicism.
He is a rude person.
He is a scientist and musician.
He is a scientist.
He is a self-made man.
He is a sharp-shooter.
He is a sly fox.
He is a strange person.
He is a student at Harvard.
He is a student at Yushu High School.
He is a student.
He is a tall boy.
He is a teacher and novelist.
He is a teacher at our school.
He is a teacher rather than a writer.
He is a teacher.
He is a tennis player.
He is a thief.
He is a tough cookie.
He is a true gentleman.
He is a type of a person who calls a spade a spade.
He is a typical Japanese.
He is a very careful driver.
He is a very good batter.
He is a very good speaker of English.
He is a very important person.
He is a very lazy boy.
He is a very nice student.
He is a very smart boy.
He is a very thoughtful person.
He is a waiter in a seaside restaurant.
He is a war orphan.
He is a well informed person.
He is a woman hater.
He is a work horse.
He is a writer.
He is able to play the flute.
He is able to speak five languages.
He is able to speak ten languages.
He is able to swim very fast.
He is about forty.
He is about my age.
He is about my size.
He is about thirty.
He is about to leave for London.
He is about your age.
He is above suspicion.
He is absent because of illness.
He is absorbed in his work.
He is absorbed in the study of Latin.
He is absorbed in the study of linguistics.
He is accountable to the management for what he does.
He is accustomed to the work.
He is accustomed to working hard.
He is acquainted with the modern history of France.
He is addicted to cocaine.
He is afraid of Father.
He is afraid of becoming sick.
He is afraid of death.
He is afraid of dogs.
He is afraid of his father.
He is afraid of his own shadow.
He is afraid of making mistakes.
He is afraid of swimming.
He is afraid of the dog.
He is afraid that he will die.
He is afraid to fly in an airplane.
He is afraid to swim.
He is after a better job.
He is aggressive.
He is ahead of us in English.
He is ahead of us in mathematics.
He is allergic to dust.
He is allergic to house dust.
He is almost always at home.
He is almost always home.
He is almost six feet tall.
He is alone.
He is also very famous in Japan.
He is always a little irritable in the morning.
He is always a step or two ahead of the times.
He is always asking for money.
He is always busy feathering his own nest.
He is always cheerful.
He is always complaining about his low salary.
He is always complaining.
He is always finding fault with me.
He is always forgetting things.
He is always generous to poor people.
He is always giving people a lot of trouble.
He is always giving presents to his wife.
He is always happy.
He is always here between 5 and 6 o'clock.
He is always joking.
He is always kind to animals.
He is always laughing.
He is always looking to the future.
He is always on the go.
He is always on the move.
He is always on time for an appointment.
He is always prepared.
He is always reading.
He is always studying.
He is always trying to do the impossible.
He is always with me.
He is an American.
He is an English teacher.
He is an Italian.
He is an accountant at the company.
He is an active person.
He is an actor.
He is an aggressive person.
He is an army officer.
He is an authority on China.
He is an eager beaver.
He is an excellent speaker.
He is an experienced teacher.
He is an expert at fishing.
He is an expert in astronomy.
He is an extremely frank person.
He is an honest man and will always remain so.
He is an insurance agent for a New York company.
He is an intelligent boy.
He is an office worker.
He is an old friend of mine.
He is angry with you.
He is anxious to read the book.
He is anxious to see you.
He is anything but a fool.
He is anything but a gentleman.
He is anything but handsome.
He is apt to forget his promise.
He is armed to the teeth.
He is arrogant toward us.
He is as busy as ever.
He is as healthy as ever.
He is as nutty as a fruitcake.
He is as old as my father.
He is as poor as can be.
He is as poor as ever.
He is as tall as her.
He is as tall as his father.
He is as tall as my brother.
He is as tall as my father.
He is ashamed of his failure.
He is ashamed of his father being poor.
He is ashamed of his son's conduct.
He is asleep.
He is at his desk.
He is at home today.
He is at the office.
He is at work now, but will be coming home at seven.
He is away from home.
He is bankrupt.
He is beginning to lose his hair.
He is being kind today.
He is being very kind today.
He is better off than before.
He is better than me at math.
He is better today than yesterday.
He is beyond help.
He is beyond hope.
He is bigger than all the other boys.
He is blind in one eye.
He is blinded by love.
He is boiling with rage.
He is bound to succeed.
He is bound to win the match.
He is busy learning English.
He is busy preparing for the entrance examination.
He is busy typing the reports.
He is busy writing a letter.
He is buttering up to his boss.
He is by far the best boy in the class.
He is by far the best student.
He is by nature a generous person.
He is by nature a very quiet person.
He is by no means stupid.
He is capable of keeping a secret when he wants to.
He is capable of teaching French.
He is careless in everything.
He is carrying a parcel under his right arm.
He is carrying out experiments in his laboratory.
He is certain to turn up some time.
He is chubby.
He is clever at making excuses.
He is clever enough to solve the problem.
He is close to sixty.
He is commander of our troops.
He is confident of his ability.
He is considered one of the greatest scientists in our country.
He is considered trustworthy.
He is constantly complaining.
He is constantly finding fault with other people.
He is contented with his lot.
He is cranky.
He is crazy about baseball.
He is crazy about jazz.
He is crossing the street now.
He is dead and buried now.
He is delicate.
He is difficult to get along with.
He is digging his own grave.
He is doing a super job.
He is doing business on a large scale.
He is doing his work.
He is doing penance.
He is doing well.
He is dreaming of becoming an astronaut.
He is driven.
He is eager for the chance to prove himself.
He is earning twice my salary.
He is eating.
He is economically independent of his parents.
He is eight.
He is eighteen months old.
He is either drunk or mad.
He is either in London or in Paris.
He is employed in a bank.
He is engaged to my younger sister.
He is entirely in the wrong.
He is equal to the task.
He is even afraid of his own shadow.
He is expected to come home soon.
He is faced with a difficult problem.
He is facing many difficulties.
He is familiar with Japanese culture.
He is familiar with computers.
He is familiar with the subject.
He is familiar with what is going on in China.
He is famous as a doctor.
He is far from happy.
He is far from rich.
He is fed up with my problems.
He is five feet tall.
He is fond of adventure.
He is fond of chocolate cake.
He is fond of fishing.
He is fond of playing tennis.
He is fond of swimming.
He is fond of this kind of music.
He is fond of watching baseball games on TV.
He is foolish to meet her again.
He is fortunate having such a good wife.
He is free from care.
He is friendly to me.
He is from France.
He is full of energy.
He is full of new ideas.
He is getting better.
He is getting old, but he is as healthy as ever.
He is getting old.
He is giving me a hard time.
He is going to stay at a friend's house.
He is going to the concert.
He is good at cooking.
He is good at dealing with children.
He is good at diving.
He is good at football.
He is good at mathematics.
He is good at playing tennis.
He is good at singing.
He is good at soccer.
He is good at solving complicated mathematical problems.
He is good for five thousand dollars.
He is good for nothing.
He is guilty of theft.
He is half as old again as she is.
He is happy about the progress he has recently made.
He is happy.
He is hard to deal with.
He is hard to please.
He is hated.
He is having a hard time losing weight.
He is having coffee now.
He is having difficulty breathing.
He is having lunch.
He is her friend.
He is here!
He is heroic.
He is his friend.
He is his own master.
He is his usual self.
He is honest. That's why I like him.
He is ill.
He is impossible to beat.
He is in Tokyo.
He is in a bad mood.
He is in college.
He is in excellent physical condition.
He is in good physical condition.
He is in great trouble.
He is in his early twenties.
He is in his library.
He is in love with her, but he tries to conceal his feelings.
He is in love with her.
He is in poor health.
He is in the habit of staying up late at night.
He is in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
He is in the kitchen.
He is in the tenth grade.
He is in trouble.
He is inaccessible to his employees.
He is incapable of telling a lie.
He is inclined to be lazy.
He is incompetent.
He is influential.
He is intelligent.
He is interested in anything that has to do with religion.
He is jealous of her talent.
He is just an amateur.
He is just killing time.
He is just the man for the job.
He is kind at heart.
He is kind.
He is known as a great painter.
He is known to all the people in the town.
He is known to the entire country.
He is known to the public.
He is lacking in common sense.
He is lacking in experience.
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow.
He is leaving for Peru tomorrow, isn't he?
He is leaving in three days.
He is less impatient than his father.
He is like a frog in a well.
He is likely to come.
He is likely to win this game.
He is living apart from his wife.
He is living in Tokyo.
He is looked up to by friends.
He is looking for a job.
He is looking forward to it.
He is loyal to his boss.
He is lying on the bench.
He is lying on the sofa.
He is lying.
He is making cookies.
He is making great progress in English.
He is making preparations for a trip.
He is managing the business for his father.
He is married to a high school teacher.
He is married with two children.
He is mean.
He is mentally handicapped.
He is more clever than I am.
He is much older than he looks.
He is much taller than I am.
He is my best friend.
He is my brother, not father.
He is my brother, not my father.
He is my brother.
He is my classmate.
He is my close friend.
He is my colleague.
He is my father.
He is my friend. Do you guys know him?
He is my neighbor, but I don't know him well.
He is my old friend.
He is my teacher.
He is my type!
He is my uncle.
He is never in the office in the morning.
He is never lazy.
He is nice to me.
He is no gentleman.
He is no longer a child.
He is no longer a member of our club.
He is no longer here.
He is no longer living here.
He is no longer the shy boy he was.
He is no longer welcome here.
He is no match for his wife.
He is no match for me in tennis.
He is no ordinary man.
He is no ordinary student.
He is no relation to me.
He is not Japanese.
He is not a doctor.
He is not a friend, but an acquaintance.
He is not a physician.
He is not a singer, but an actor.
He is not a smoker.
He is not a teacher but a student.
He is not always in the office in the morning.
He is not an American, but he loves America.
He is not angry anymore.
He is not any taller than I am.
He is not as intelligent as his older brother.
He is not as smart as his older brother.
He is not as tall as his brother.
He is not as young as he looks.
He is not ashamed of being poor.
He is not coming, apparently.
He is not conscious of his own faults.
He is not content with his present salary.
He is not down yet.
He is not economically independent of his parents.
He is not equal to the task.
He is not fond of sports, and I am not either.
He is not good at putting his thoughts into words.
He is not honest at all.
He is not interested in art at all.
He is not married.
He is not much better, and there is a little hope of recovery.
He is not my father but my uncle.
He is not my son, but my nephew.
He is not old enough to vote.
He is not qualified for the job.
He is not really a friend, just an acquaintance.
He is not rich, but he is happy.
He is not running in the coming election.
He is not scared of snakes at all.
He is not so much a scholar as a TV personality.
He is not so tall.
He is not stupid.
He is not the boy who came here yesterday.
He is not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
He is not the shy boy he used to be.
He is not the sort of guy who gives in easily.
He is not there.
He is not to be trifled with.
He is not too poor to buy a bicycle.
He is not up to the task.
He is not very good at mathematics.
He is not wearing a hat.
He is not what he used to be.
He is not young.
He is nothing but a child.
He is nothing but a liar.
He is nothing more than a coward.
He is now almost as tall as his father is.
He is now almost as tall as his father.
He is now at the desk.
He is now either in Rome or in Paris.
He is now in a very difficult situation.
He is now looking for a bigger house to live in.
He is now on his own.
He is now on the way to recovery.
He is now staying in Paris.
He is numbered among the greatest scientists in the world.
He is often late for school.
He is old enough to drink.
He is old enough to drive.
He is old enough to tell good from evil.
He is old enough to understand it.
He is old.
He is older and wiser now.
He is older than she is by three years.
He is older than you by eight years.
He is on friendly terms with her.
He is on good terms with his classmates.
He is on night duty tonight.
He is on the point of death.
He is on the point of leaving for Canada.
He is on the team.
He is one of Spain's most famous authors.
He is one of my best friends.
He is one of my old friends.
He is one of the best brains in our country.
He is one of the greatest scientists in Japan.
He is one of the most famous singers in Japan.
He is one of the most popular students in the class.
He is opening the window.
He is our English teacher.
He is outgoing.
He is over the hill, you know.
He is overconfident.
He is overweight.
He is past forty.
He is photogenic.
He is planning to go home on leave.
He is planning to launch his business.
He is playing golf.
He is playing in his room.
He is playing music.
He is playing outdoors.
He is playing over there.
He is pleased with his new car.
He is pleased with his new shoes.
He is polite to a fault.
He is poor at chemistry.
He is poor, but he never complains.
He is poor.
He is popular with everybody.
He is popular with his men.
He is practically dead.
He is precisely the one you are looking for.
He is prejudiced against her.
He is proud of being a doctor.
He is proud of being a musician.
He is proud of having graduated from Tokyo University.
He is proud of his family.
He is proud of his punctuality.
He is proud of his son.
He is proud of never having been beaten in ping-pong.
He is proud of never having been late for school.
He is proud of the fact that he has never consulted a doctor in his life.
He is proud that his father was a famous scientist.
He is putting on weight.
He is quite an odd man.
He is quite right.
He is rarely in a good mood.
He is rarely, if ever, late for appointments.
He is rather optimistic.
He is reading a book in his room.
He is reading a book.
He is reading.
He is related to her by marriage.
He is relied on by everyone in the class.
He is rich and I am poor.
He is rich enough to buy that car.
He is rich enough to buy the painting.
He is rich enough to buy two cars.
He is richer than anybody else in town.
He is richer than anyone else in this town.
He is riding a bicycle.
He is said to be a genius.
He is said to be rich.
He is said to be very poor.
He is said to have been strong.
He is said to have something to do with the political scandal.
He is satisfied with the result.
He is saving in order to buy a house.
He is second to none.
He is selfish and greedy.
He is selling it just as it is.
He is shaking like a leaf.
He is sharp-witted.
He is short, but he is strong.
He is short, but strong.
He is sick.
He is similar to his father.
He is sincere in his promises.
He is small and weak.
He is smart enough to answer all the questions.
He is smart.
He is so aggressive that others avoid him.
He is so crazy about his new car that he goes driving every Sunday.
He is so heartless.
He is so impolite that everyone hates him.
He is something like his father.
He is something of a celebrity.
He is soon to be a father.
He is standing on the stage.
He is still alive.
He is still angry.
He is still full of energy.
He is still having doubts.
He is still here.
He is still in bed.
He is still not accustomed to city life.
He is still on the payroll of the company.
He is still sitting on the bench.
He is still standing.
He is still too young for the job.
He is still very much alive.
He is still young.
He is strong as a horse.
He is strong, brave and, above all, kind.
He is stronger than I am.
He is stronger than ever.
He is studying agriculture.
He is studying in the library now.
He is studying law at the university.
He is successful in everything.
He is such a nice person that everybody likes him.
He is such a show off.
He is suffering from a cold.
He is suffering from loss of memory.
He is suffering from toothache.
He is superior to her in math.
He is superior to his competitors in everything.
He is sure of success.
He is sure of winning.
He is sure that he will pass the next exam.
He is sure that he will succeed.
He is sure to come.
He is sure to pass the exam if he studies at this rate.
He is sure to succeed in the attempt.
He is sure to succeed.
He is sure to win the game.
He is sure to win.
He is swimming in the river.
He is taking a day off today.
He is taking a walk.
He is tall, but his brother is much taller.
He is tall.
He is taller than any other boy.
He is taller than his brother.
He is taller than his father.
He is taller than me by a head.
He is teaching Arabic.
He is terrible at speaking English.
He is the best for this project.
He is the best player on our team.
He is the black sheep of the family.
He is the boss's private secretary.
He is the bravest soldier that ever lived.
He is the chief of my department.
He is the chosen one.
He is the fastest runner in our class.
He is the father of three children.
He is the first Japanese that traveled in space.
He is the greatest poet that ever lived.
He is the image of his father.
He is the last man I want to see.
He is the last man to break his promise.
He is the last man to do such a thing.
He is the last person I want to see now.
He is the last person I would want to go skiing with.
He is the last person to betray his friends.
He is the least likely to come.
He is the older of the two.
He is the only child they have.
He is the only one that doesn't observe the custom.
He is the only person for the job.
He is the richest man in town.
He is the richest man on earth.
He is the right man for the job.
He is the right man for the post.
He is the son of a wealthy family.
He is the stingiest person I know.
He is the taller of the two.
He is the tallest boy.
He is the tallest in his class.
He is the tallest man that I have ever seen.
He is the tallest of all boys.
He is the tallest of his class.
He is the tallest of the three.
He is the tallest person in the class.
He is the tallest person in the world.
He is the very man for the job.
He is the very man that we've been looking for.
He is thinking about the problem.
He is thirsty for fame.
He is thirty years old.
He is tired from overwork.
He is tired of reading.
He is too cautious to try anything new.
He is too drunk to drive home.
He is too much of a coward to attempt it.
He is too sensitive.
He is too short to get at the book on the shelf.
He is too shy to talk to girls.
He is too wise not to know that.
He is totally dependent on his parents.
He is tremendously handsome.
He is trustworthy.
He is trying hard to give up smoking.
He is trying to quit smoking.
He is twice as old as I am.
He is twice as old as she is.
He is two inches taller than I am.
He is two years older than you.
He is unable to do it.
He is uncertain about his future.
He is unfit to be a teacher.
He is unmarried and has no brothers or sisters.
He is unmarried.
He is unpopular for some reason.
He is unquestionably the oldest man in the village.
He is unsatisfied with the result.
He is unsociable.
He is up to date.
He is used to getting up early.
He is used to hard work.
He is used to the work.
He is usually straightforward and sincere and thereby gains the confidence of those who meet him.
He is very a dangerous man.
He is very afraid of dogs.
He is very brave.
He is very careful.
He is very clever for a boy of ten.
He is very depressed.
He is very eager to go there.
He is very fast.
He is very fond of music.
He is very friendly to us.
He is very friendly, so I enjoy working with him.
He is very good at playing violin.
He is very handsome.
He is very honest.
He is very kind to me.
He is very kind.
He is very knowledgeable about French literature.
He is very mean to me.
He is very much interested in Japanese history.
He is very sensitive to cold.
He is very sick.
He is very slow at making friends with anybody.
He is very stingy with his money.
He is very talented.
He is very tall.
He is very young.
He is waiting for a telephone call.
He is walking very slowly.
He is washing a car.
He is washing his car.
He is washing the car.
He is watching TV now.
He is watching TV.
He is watching my every move.
He is wealthy in appearance but not in reality.
He is wearing a hat.
He is wearing glasses.
He is wearing gloves.
He is wearing sunglasses.
He is well known in our country.
He is well liked by his students.
He is well off now.
He is what is called a man of action.
He is what is called a self-made man.
He is what we call a musical genius.
He is what we call a pioneer.
He is what we call a scholar.
He is what we call a self-made man.
He is what we call a walking dictionary.
He is what you might call a bookworm.
He is wise enough not to do such a thing.
He is without doubt the most successful movie director in the world.
He is working as a security guard at a warehouse.
He is working hard in order to pass the entrance examination.
He is working hard to pass the examination.
He is working on a new novel.
He is working on the new plan.
He is worried about losing his job.
He is worthy of our praise.
He is writing a book.
He is writing a letter to his parents now.
He is young and ambitious.
He is young and immature.
He is younger than me by three years.
He is, indeed, a man of his word.
He isn't a diligent student.
He isn't able to buy a car.
He isn't able to do it.
He isn't able to do that.
He isn't actually the manager.
He isn't afraid of death.
He isn't alone anymore.
He isn't as energetic as he once was.
He isn't as stupid as he looks.
He isn't coming, either.
He isn't cruel to animals.
He isn't going to buy a camera.
He isn't happy at all.
He isn't here because he's ill.
He isn't here now.
He isn't like his brother.
He isn't lonely anymore.
He isn't married.
He isn't my brother. He's my cousin.
He isn't my cousin.
He isn't perfect.
He isn't richer than me.
He isn't smart enough to add up numbers in his head.
He isn't young.
He joined the English club.
He joined the United States Navy.
He joined the baseball club.
He joined the club last year.
He joined the opposing team.
He jumped across the puddle.
He jumped from one subject to another.
He jumped into the water.
He jumped out of bed.
He jumped out the window.
He jumped over a ditch.
He jumped over the hedge.
He jumped to his feet the moment he heard the news.
He just arrived.
He just barely managed to pass the test.
He just got home.
He just left.
He just missed the bus.
He just moved into an apartment he inherited from his parents.
He just returned from abroad.
He just shrugged his shoulders.
He just texted me.
He just texted me. I think he's drunk again.
He just wants attention.
He just wants to be left alone.
He just wants to impress us with his macho attitude and show us what a great guy he is.
He just won't listen. Talking to him is like talking to a brick wall.
He keeps a cat.
He keeps a diary in English.
He keeps making the same mistake.
He keeps two cats.
He kept all the windows open.
He kept calm in the face of the danger.
He kept his promise.
He kept his word.
He kept it hidden from me.
He kept it secret that he had bought a bicycle for his son.
He kept me from making a big mistake.
He kept me waiting for a long time.
He kept me waiting for more than an hour.
He kept me waiting on purpose.
He kept me waiting.
He kept on singing.
He kept on writing stories about animals.
He kept pace with her.
He kept quiet while we were talking.
He kept quite calm.
He kept silent for a while.
He kept singing.
He kept talking.
He kept the secret to himself.
He kept the truth from us.
He kept us waiting for more than an hour.
He kept walking back and forth.
He kicked in a lot of money.
He kicked the ball into the goal.
He kicked the ball.
He killed himself at the age of thirty.
He killed himself by taking poison.
He killed himself.
He killed that man.
He kindly drove me to the station.
He kissed her again.
He kissed her hand.
He kissed her.
He kissed his daughter on the forehead.
He kissed me on the forehead.
He kissed me passionately.
He kissed my neck.
He knew it all along.
He knew the news, but he kept it to himself.
He knocked at the door again and again, but there was no answer.
He knocked at the door.
He knocked on the closed door.
He knows German and French, not to mention English.
He knows a lot about animals.
He knows a lot about butterflies.
He knows a lot about foreign affairs.
He knows a lot about wild animals.
He knows a lot of people.
He knows close to nothing about this issue.
He knows every trick in the book.
He knows everything about Germany.
He knows hardly anything about it.
He knows how to advise people.
He knows how to bet.
He knows how to bind books.
He knows how to break the law without being caught.
He knows how to buy used cars.
He knows how to captivate his audience.
He knows how to catch birds.
He knows how to change his password.
He knows how to cheat people.
He knows how to clean his rifle.
He knows how to close this window.
He knows how to come to Tokyo.
He knows how to curse in Chinese.
He knows how to dance the tango.
He knows how to dive.
He knows how to draw animals.
He knows how to drive a car.
He knows how to drive a truck.
He knows how to eat with chopsticks.
He knows how to fight.
He knows how to find water in the desert.
He knows how to fish with a fishing rod.
He knows how to fly a helicopter.
He knows how to fry eggs.
He knows how to grill fish.
He knows how to help people.
He knows how to interrogate people.
He knows how to kill zombies.
He knows how to learn a language quickly.
He knows how to lock this door.
He knows how to make his wife happy.
He knows how to make women cry.
He knows how to milk a cow.
He knows how to open this door.
He knows how to plant palm trees.
He knows how to play poker.
He knows how to play trumpet.
He knows how to pluck a chicken.
He knows how to read Chinese.
He knows how to recognize aliens.
He knows how to ride a camel.
He knows how to sell houses.
He knows how to sharpen knives.
He knows how to speak to children.
He knows how to spend his money.
He knows how to swim.
He knows how to talk to customers.
He knows how to teach languages.
He knows how to tell jokes.
He knows how to tell lies.
He knows how to use this weapon.
He knows how to waste his time.
He knows how to whistle.
He knows lots.
He knows many amusing magic tricks.
He knows many folk dances.
He knows my wife.
He knows neither of us.
He knows no English.
He knows nothing about politics.
He knows that you know.
He knows the area like the back of his hand.
He knows the art of making friends.
He knows the city well.
He knows the secret.
He knows the truth.
He knows this town inside out.
He knows us very well.
He knows very well how to deceive people.
He knows what annoys her.
He knows what's going on.
He knows where we live.
He lacks common sense.
He lacks confidence.
He lacks judgement.
He lacks the talent to be an actor.
He laid aside a few dollars each week.
He laid down the gun.
He laid himself on the bed.
He laid his bag on the table.
He laid his head on the pillow.
He landed a big trout.
He laughed at my joke.
He laughed for no reason.
He laughed.
He lay awake for hours thinking about her.
He lay down on his back.
He lay on his back.
He lay on the bed.
He leads a hectic life.
He leaned against the wall.
He leaned over her and said, "No, I'm not lying."
He leaned towards me.
He leaped over the shallow ditch.
He learned how to raise cattle.
He learned how to swim.
He learned it the hard way.
He learned that poem by heart when he was five years old.
He learned the news while reading the newspaper.
He learned to swim.
He learns fast.
He leaves for New York next week.
He leaves for Tokyo tomorrow.
He led a hard life after that.
He led a simple life.
He led us to the station.
He left Africa forever.
He left Japan at the end of the year.
He left Japan never to come back.
He left Tokyo for Kyoto.
He left after me.
He left early in order not to be late.
He left early.
He left everything to chance.
He left for England at the beginning of August.
He left for Europe a week ago, that is, on the tenth of May.
He left for no reason whatsoever.
He left here a few days ago.
He left high school at seventeen.
He left his glasses at our place.
He left his hometown at the age of fifteen never to return.
He left his hometown on a cold morning.
He left his keys in the car.
He left his son a fortune.
He left his umbrella in the bus.
He left his umbrella on the bus.
He left his wife an enormous fortune.
He left his wife and children.
He left his wife.
He left immediately.
He left in the blink of an eye.
He left ten minutes ago.
He left the Mexican capital to return to Texas.
He left the book on the table.
He left the class because he was feeling sick.
He left the company on account of personal reasons.
He left the country after his grandfather's death.
He left the door open.
He left the door unlocked.
He left the house without saying goodbye.
He left the last page blank.
He left the meeting for no reason.
He left the motor running.
He left the office without saying a word to anyone.
He left the restaurant without paying.
He left the room as soon as I entered it.
He left the room without saying a word.
He left the room.
He left the window open.
He left without saying goodbye.
He lent me 30 pesos.
He lent me two books.
He let go of the rope.
He let his books fall to the floor.
He let his dog run free in the field.
He let me stay for a night.
He let us go.
He leveled his gun at me.
He lied about it.
He lied to his parents.
He lied to me.
He lied to my face.
He lied to us.
He lifted the trunk to show off his strength.
He liked making decisions.
He liked that.
He likes French more than German.
He likes Indian food.
He likes Italian food.
He likes adventure.
He likes all animals except horses.
He likes animals more than people.
He likes animals.
He likes being surrounded by young people.
He likes both music and sports.
He likes cantaloupe.
He likes chicken nuggets.
He likes coffee without sugar.
He likes fishing.
He likes games of chance.
He likes geography and history.
He likes ham and eggs.
He likes his coffee black.
He likes hunting.
He likes it when I do that.
He likes jazz, and so do I.
He likes listening to the radio.
He likes mathematics, but I don't.
He likes me and I like him too.
He likes money.
He likes music a lot.
He likes music very much.
He likes my jokes.
He likes oranges.
He likes playing football.
He likes playing soccer.
He likes potato salad.
He likes reading books.
He likes singing.
He likes sleeping.
He likes smoking in the toilet.
He likes soccer a lot.
He likes soccer.
He likes sweet tea.
He likes sweets.
He likes taking a walk by himself.
He likes taking care of the garden.
He likes taking walks.
He likes this guitar.
He likes tigers.
He likes to build model planes.
He likes to cook.
He likes to dress up as a police officer.
He likes to go to the beach now and then.
He likes to hunt.
He likes to listen to the radio.
He likes to play cards.
He likes to read books.
He likes to read newspapers.
He likes to run.
He likes to sing in the bathtub.
He likes to smoke in the toilet.
He likes to swim.
He likes to take electric devices apart.
He likes to talk about himself.
He likes to talk of love.
He likes to watch TV.
He likes to watch baseball games on TV.
He likes to work in the garden.
He likes vegetables, especially cabbage.
He likes walking in the park.
He likes watching TV.
He lingered in the classroom after school was over.
He listened closely to the speaker.
He listened to my opinion.
He listened to the music with his eyes closed.
He listened to the news on the radio as he fed his dog.
He listened, but heard nothing.
He lived a hard life.
He lived a simple life.
He lived alone in the forest.
He lived an unhappy life.
He lived and died in obscurity.
He lived in Ankara for six years.
He lived in Kobe for three years.
He lived in Kyoto in his college days.
He lived in Spain, I think.
He lived in the center of London.
He lived there all by himself.
He lived there completely alone.
He lived to be eighty years old.
He lived to be seventy years old.
He lives a long way away.
He lives above me.
He lives across the street from us.
He lives across the street.
He lives all alone in the woods.
He lives alone in the woods.
He lives alone.
He lives apart from his family.
He lives as if he were a millionaire.
He lives at the top of this hill.
He lives by himself in the woods.
He lives comfortably.
He lives far away from his hometown.
He lives far away from my house.
He lives from hand to mouth.
He lives frugally.
He lives in Kyoto.
He lives in Osaka.
He lives in Tokyo.
He lives in a gated community.
He lives in a huge house.
He lives in a luxury apartment close to Central Park.
He lives in a poor district of London.
He lives in a small town near Osaka.
He lives in a small village in Kyushu.
He lives in a suburb of London.
He lives in a very small room.
He lives in a world of fantasy.
He lives in an apartment.
He lives in an enormous house.
He lives in comfort.
He lives in his car.
He lives in luxury.
He lives in that house over there.
He lives in that yellow house.
He lives in the forest alone.
He lives in the western part of town.
He lives in the yellow house.
He lives in this lonely place by himself.
He lives like a king.
He lives near my house.
He lives near the beach.
He lives next door to us.
He lives next to me.
He lives off campus.
He lives off the grid.
He lives on his country estate.
He lives on this street.
He lives outside the city.
He lives somewhere around here.
He lives somewhere around the park.
He lives somewhere near that park.
He lives there alone.
He lives up there, up on that mountain.
He lives with his mom.
He lives with his mother.
He lives within a stone's throw of the school.
He lives within earshot of my house.
He lives within his means.
He locked himself in the bathroom.
He looked around the room.
He looked around the waiting room.
He looked around uneasily.
He looked around, but he saw no one.
He looked as if he had been ill.
He looked as if he hadn't eaten for days.
He looked as if nothing had happened.
He looked asleep, but he was really dead.
He looked at her angrily.
He looked at me in surprise.
He looked at the ship through his telescope.
He looked back at the pretty girl.
He looked back at us many times and walked away.
He looked for every possible means of escape.
He looked for his book for an hour.
He looked for the key.
He looked her right in the eye.
He looked him up and down.
He looked just like his picture on the wall of the theater.
He looked like a deer caught in the headlights.
He looked like a doctor.
He looked like a rich man.
He looked me in the eye.
He looked much better this morning than yesterday.
He looked pretty tired.
He looked quite tired.
He looked up at the ceiling.
He looked up at the night sky.
He looked up at the stars.
He looked up the word in his dictionary.
He looked up the word in the dictionary.
He looked very happy.
He looked very tired.
He looked well.
He looks a bit tired.
He looks as if he had been ill.
He looks bored.
He looks confused.
He looks down on everybody else.
He looks exactly like his brother.
He looks good for his age.
He looks healthy.
He looks his age.
He looks like a good boy.
He looks like a horse.
He looks like a millionaire.
He looks like a player.
He looks like his father.
He looks like his mother.
He looks like your brother.
He looks much better now.
He looks nothing like a doctor.
He looks old for his age.
He looks old, but he hasn't reached 30 yet.
He looks older than my brother.
He looks pale.
He looks stern.
He looks strong.
He looks suspicious.
He looks tired this evening.
He looks very good.
He looks very tired.
He looks young for his age.
He looks young.
He loses his temper easily.
He loses self-control when he's drunk.
He lost a book.
He lost all his belongings.
He lost all his possessions.
He lost all of his money gambling.
He lost both his girlfriend and his job.
He lost both his parents at an early age.
He lost everything he owned.
He lost everything.
He lost face.
He lost his balance and fell down.
He lost his balance and fell off his bicycle.
He lost his balance and fell off the ladder.
He lost his cool and started throwing things.
He lost his credibility because he betrayed a friend.
He lost his eyesight in an accident.
He lost his eyesight.
He lost his honor.
He lost his job.
He lost his life in a traffic accident.
He lost his life in an accident.
He lost his movie ticket.
He lost his new watch.
He lost his parents in a plane accident.
He lost his patience and hit the boy.
He lost his sense of direction in the dark woods.
He lost his sight.
He lost his temper and hit the boy.
He lost his temper with me.
He lost his temper.
He lost his ticket for the movie.
He lost his umbrella again.
He lost his way in the snow.
He lost his way in the woods.
He lost sight of his friend in the crowd.
He lost sight of that bird.
He lost sight of the bird.
He lost the sight of one eye in a traffic accident.
He lost two sons in the war.
He loved her very much.
He loved me, but he doesn't love me anymore.
He loved to laugh and enjoy life.
He loves animals.
He loves attention.
He loves coffee.
He loves fishing.
He loves going to the theater.
He loves her.
He loves her. She loves him, too.
He loves his daughter, but his wife doesn't.
He loves music.
He loves nightclubs.
He loves singing.
He loves soccer.
He loves taking trips.
He loves the tigers.
He loves to fish.
He loves to gossip.
He loves to make a mountain out of a molehill.
He loves to party.
He loves trains.
He loves traveling.
He loves us.
He made a bad decision.
He made a gesture of impatience.
He made a gesture with his hand.
He made a grave mistake.
He made a joke about it.
He made a mistake and drank poison.
He made a mistake on purpose.
He made a mistake.
He made a resolution to write in his diary every day.
He made a rude reply.
He made a small dog house.
He made a speech in English at the meeting.
He made a speech in support of the plan.
He made a very valuable discovery.
He made a wisecrack.
He made an accurate report of the incident.
He made an apology.
He made an error, as he often does.
He made an important discovery.
He made believe he was a doctor.
He made for home.
He made for the door and tried to escape.
He made friends with Tom.
He made fun of me in public.
He made fun of my accent.
He made fun of our ignorance.
He made her a new coat.
He made her cry.
He made her happy.
He made her his wife.
He made his parents happy.
He made his suggestion very tactfully.
He made his way through difficulties.
He made his way through the crowd.
He made his way to the minister.
He made his will last year.
He made it clear that he had nothing to do with the matter.
He made it for his sister.
He made it.
He made me a new suit.
He made me a suit.
He made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
He made me do it.
He made me happy yesterday.
He made me his assistant.
He made me sing.
He made me so angry that I got a headache.
He made mistake after mistake.
He made no effort to accept his daughter's boyfriend.
He made no response.
He made reference to my book.
He made remarkable progress in English.
He made several corrections.
He made such a long speech that we all got bored.
He made the children laugh.
He made the company what it is today.
He made the first move.
He made the right choice.
He made up a story about the king.
He made up an excuse.
He made up his mind quickly.
He made up his mind right away.
He made up his mind to be a doctor.
He made up his mind to be a fireman.
He made up his mind to become a pilot.
He made up his mind to marry her.
He made up his mind to try again.
He made up his mind to write in his diary every day.
He made up his mind.
He made up that story.
He made up the story.
He made up the whole story.
He made us do the work.
He made us work till late at night.
He mailed a letter home.
He maintains his car well.
He maintains that it's true.
He majors in English literature.
He majors in modern literature.
He makes a point of attending class meetings.
He makes frequent visits to Japan on business.
He makes friends with everybody he meets.
He makes fun of everybody.
He makes good use of his time.
He makes his living by singing.
He makes it a rule never to speak ill of others.
He makes it a rule to get up at six every day.
He makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
He makes life miserable for everyone around him.
He makes mistakes every time he speaks English.
He makes most, if not all, of the important decisions for his company.
He makes three times more money than I do.
He managed to be on time for class.
He managed to climb the mountain.
He managed to escape through a window.
He managed to escape.
He managed to get there in time.
He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver.
He managed to run the machine.
He married a Canadian girl.
He married a dark-haired Italian girl.
He married a farmer's daughter.
He married a pretty girl.
He married a rich girl.
He married a very young girl.
He married an actress.
He married his daughter to a lawyer.
He married his daughter to a rich man.
He married my cousin.
He married twice and had more than 20 children.
He may be a genius.
He may be able to come tomorrow.
He may be clever, but he is not very helpful.
He may be clever, but he often makes careless mistakes.
He may be on the next train.
He may be rich, but he is stingy.
He may be sick in bed.
He may be the very man that I need.
He may change his mind later.
He may come today.
He may have been ill.
He may have been right.
He may have missed his usual bus.
He may have missed the last train.
He may have missed the plane.
He may have missed the train.
He may have read the letter.
He may have taken the wrong train.
He may have told a lie.
He may miss his train.
He may well be right.
He meant no harm.
He meets his girlfriend on Saturdays.
He mentioned her name for the first time.
He mentioned in passing that he intended to get married.
He mentioned it.
He mentioned the incident to his wife.
He met a nice young man.
He met his wife online.
He met with an accident.
He met with reporters to talk about his decision.
He might have been sleeping at that time.
He might have lost his way.
He might have missed the last train.
He might not be happy.
He missed his flight.
He missed the deadline.
He missed the last train by a minute.
He missed the last train.
He missed the train because of the traffic accident.
He missed the train by a minute.
He misses his family.
He mistook me for my mother.
He mistook me for my twin brother.
He moved close to her.
He moved out of his parents' place.
He moved to Istanbul with his wife.
He moved to New York, where he looked for a job.
He moved to Tokyo last month.
He moves quickly.
He must be Tom's brother.
He must be a fool to do so.
He must be a fool to do such a thing.
He must be a good walker to have walked such a long distance.
He must be at least 35 years old.
He must be aware of the danger.
He must be crazy to behave like that.
He must be crazy to do such a thing.
He must be crazy to say such a thing.
He must be dead.
He must be from the South.
He must be innocent.
He must be nearly forty.
He must be over fifty.
He must be over sixty.
He must be severely punished.
He must be stopped at all costs.
He must be the principal.
He must be tired.
He must be very angry to say such a thing.
He must be very happy.
He must buy a new bicycle for his son.
He must finish his homework today.
He must have abused the privilege.
He must have been brought up in a good family.
He must have been named after his grandfather.
He must have been rich.
He must have drunk too much last night.
He must have gotten over his cold.
He must have left the water running.
He must have lost his marbles.
He must have missed the train.
He must have said so without giving it much thought.
He must have seen it.
He must have studied English hard.
He must like taking walks.
He must love you.
He must not live.
He narrowly escaped being killed.
He narrowly escaped death.
He need not have run so fast.
He needed the money.
He needs an umbrella.
He needs assistants.
He needs it.
He needs money.
He needs the money.
He needs to be the center of attention.
He neglected his duties.
He neglects his studies.
He negotiated a lower price with the real estate agent.
He neither wrote nor telephoned.
He never appears before nine o'clock.
He never asked me.
He never breaks his promise.
He never breaks promises.
He never cared much for me.
He never drinks alcohol.
He never fails to do what he says.
He never fails to write home once a month.
He never fails to write to his mother every week.
He never fully recovered from his injuries.
He never gave in to temptation.
He never gave way to temptation.
He never gets invited to parties.
He never gets up early in the morning.
He never goes out after dark.
He never keeps his word.
He never laughs at my jokes.
He never laughs when I tell him a joke.
He never laughs.
He never lies.
He never listens to what his father says.
He never loses his head.
He never loses hope.
He never opens his mouth without complaining about something.
He never returned from that expedition.
He never said it again.
He never saw Tom again.
He never saw his father again.
He never saw his sister again.
He never seemed to accomplish anything.
He never speaks English without making mistakes.
He never speaks of the accident.
He never takes me out for dinner.
He never takes the train.
He never tells a lie.
He never touches alcoholic drinks.
He never turns his back on a friend in need.
He never wears a tie.
He no longer lives here.
He no longer works here.
He nodded to me as he passed.
He nodded to me.
He nodded to show that he agreed with me.
He not only speaks French, but he speaks Spanish, too.
He noticed I was there.
He noticed a hole in his jacket, but he tried to ignore it.
He obviously lied.
He occasionally reads detective novels.
He occasionally visited me.
He offered no specific explanation for his strange behavior.
He offered ten dollars for our old radio.
He offered to help me.
He often accuses her of never listening to what he says.
He often appears on TV.
He often asks silly questions.
He often changes his mind.
He often comes late to school.
He often comes late.
He often doesn't come to school.
He often drives his father's car.
He often eats breakfast there.
He often eats out on Saturday nights.
He often falls in love.
He often gets angry at small things.
He often gets worked up over little things.
He often goes abroad on business.
He often goes to Japan on business.
He often goes to the library by car.
He often goes with her to watch movies.
He often helps others.
He often laughs at his own jokes.
He often leaves work very late.
He often lets me use his typewriter.
He often plays guitar.
He often plays the guitar.
He often quotes Shakespeare.
He often quotes from Shakespeare.
He often quotes the Bible.
He often reads far into the night.
He often shuts himself up in the study and writes things like this.
He often sits by me and listens to music.
He often tells us we must help one another.
He often travels to foreign countries.
He often walks with his hand in his pocket.
He often watches TV.
He often went fishing on Sundays when the weather was good.
He often writes letters to his parents.
He often writes to his parents in Japan.
He often writes to his parents.
He once had a lot of land.
He once owned a lot of land.
He only had 100 dollars.
He only speaks one language.
He only wanted guns and ammunition.
He opened a can of worms.
He opened his mouth wide.
He opened the cages.
He opened the door, though I told him not to.
He opened the door.
He opened the drawer, and took out a letter.
He opposed the plan.
He ordered a beer.
He ordered me to leave the room at once.
He ordered me to stand up.
He ordered them to release the prisoner.
He ordered them to release the prisoners.
He ordered three dinners.
He organized a boycott of the bus service.
He ought to be ashamed of his ignorance.
He ought to have arrived home by now.
He ought to have made allowances for his age.
He overcame many difficulties.
He overlooked my mistake.
He overslept this morning.
He owes his success to good luck.
He owes his success to his parents.
He owes me a favor.
He owes me a lot of money.
He owes me one.
He owes much of his success to his wife.
He owns a good few sheep.
He owns a lot of land.
He owns a very valuable wristwatch.
He owns this land.
He packed his lunch in a paper bag.
He paid $20 for the lipstick.
He paid 1,000 yen for this book.
He paid a visit to his friend.
He paid double the usual fare.
He paid me a compliment.
He paid no attention to my advice.
He paid the money back.
He paid the money into his account.
He paid the money on the spot.
He painted a dog.
He painted a picture of a dog.
He painted all the walls green.
He painted the ceiling blue.
He painted the door blue.
He painted the door over white.
He painted the picture which is on the wall.
He parked his car behind the building.
He parked his car in front of the building.
He participated in the debate.
He passed away quite suddenly.
He passed away yesterday.
He passed by without looking at me.
He passed the entrance examination.
He passed the examination.
He passed the test as was expected.
He patted his brother on the shoulder.
He patted me on the shoulder.
He paused to have a cigarette.
He paused to look at the poster.
He pays no attention to others' feelings.
He pays with a credit card.
He permitted them to walk in the garden.
He pestered her with questions.
He picked flowers for her.
He picked up a handkerchief from the floor.
He picked up a hat and put it on to see how it would look.
He picked up a mirror and looked at his tongue.
He picked up a red stone.
He picked up a stone.
He picked up the rifle and aimed it at the target.
He placed his hand on my shoulder.
He placed the ladder against the fence.
He planned the attack carefully.
He planned to murder his boss, but did not carry it out.
He plans to buy a new bicycle.
He played a key role in the movement.
He played a minor part in the play.
He played a trick on his friend.
He played a tune for the girl that he'd written himself.
He played an active part in the revolution.
He played an important role on the committee.
He played baseball after school.
He played golf every day during his vacation.
He played his trump card.
He played piano by ear.
He played tennis yesterday.
He played tennis.
He played the guitar and she played the piano.
He played with his cat.
He plays cello exceptionally well.
He plays chess very well.
He plays golf every Sunday.
He plays golf on weekends.
He plays golf two or three times a month.
He plays tennis every day.
He plays tennis three times a week.
He plays the piano better than I do.
He plays the piano better than me.
He plays the piano very well.
He plays the violin very well.
He plunged into the water head first.
He pointed out some spelling errors to her.
He pointed to the tower over there.
He politely corrected me.
He popped the trunk.
He posed a problem.
He possessed a large house and two cars.
He practiced every day at home.
He practices the piano every day, so he can become a pianist.
He praised the girl for her honesty.
He prays several times a day.
He prefers French to German.
He prepared carefully for the meeting.
He prepared for the worst.
He prepared his speech very carefully.
He presented her with a doll.
He presented his card.
He presented me with a bouquet of flowers.
He pressed down on the suitcase to close it.
He pressed his ear against the wall.
He pressed his face against the shop window.
He pressed his pants.
He pressed the brake pedal.
He pressed the button and waited.
He pretended not to be hurt.
He pretended not to be listening.
He pretended not to hear me.
He pretended not to know me.
He pretended not to see me.
He pretended that he was a lawyer.
He pretended to be a doctor.
He pretended to be a stupid man.
He pretended to be an Englishman, but his foreign accent gave him away.
He pretended to be my friend.
He pretended to be sick.
He pretends not to care about money.
He pretends to be deaf.
He pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around.
He pricked up his ears.
He prided himself on his punctuality.
He prided himself on his self control.
He probably won't approve your proposal.
He probably won't come.
He proceeded to the next question.
He promised he would help us.
He promised he would tell us.
He promised me he would be here at six.
He promised me he wouldn't tell anyone.
He promised me that he won't tell anybody.
He promised me that he would be more careful in the future.
He promised me that he would come at four.
He promised me that he wouldn't tell anybody.
He promised not to say it.
He promised not to smoke.
He promised not to tell that to anyone.
He promised not to tell.
He promised that he would never lie again.
He promised to bring new industries to the region, but politicians rarely keep their word.
He promised to come home early tonight.
He promised to come, but he didn't come.
He promised to help me, but at the last minute he let me down.
He promised to marry her.
He promised to write every day.
He proofread my manuscript.
He proposal was not acceptable.
He proposed to the young woman.
He proved to be an ideal husband.
He proved to be honest.
He provided us with everything we needed.
He provides for his family.
He pulled a coin out of his pocket.
He pushed her into the swimming pool.
He pushed his nose against the window.
He pushed his way through the crowd.
He pushed me gently.
He pushed past me.
He pushed the cat into the swimming pool.
He put a cap on his head.
He put a lot of money in savings.
He put all his heart and soul into it.
He put down his thoughts in his notebook.
He put her savings to good use.
He put his arm around her waist.
He put his hands in his pockets.
He put his head out of the window.
He put his money in the bag.
He put his room in order.
He put his thoughts on paper.
He put in a good word for me.
He put in ten hours of overtime this week.
He put milk in his coffee.
He put milk into his tea and stirred it.
He put off his trip to Okinawa.
He put on his glasses and began to read.
He put on his sweater wrong side out.
He put on his undershirt inside out.
He put on the red jacket.
He put salt into his cup of coffee by mistake.
He put some sugar and milk in his tea.
He put the blame upon me.
He put the book on the desk.
He put the book on the shelf.
He put the book on the table.
He put the key in the lock.
He put the key on the desk as usual.
He put the luggage down.
He put the ring on Mary's finger.
He put up a flag.
He puts aside some money every month.
He puts on a show of being impartial and unbiased, but I think he's just a guy with no opinion of his own.
He quarrelled with his brother.
He quarrels with every person he knows.
He quickly adjusted to the new situation.
He quickly went out of the room.
He quit smoking cold turkey.
He quit smoking.
He quit without notice.
He raised a question.
He raised his arm.
He raised his hand to ask a question.
He raised his hand to stop a taxi.
He raised his hand.
He raised his hat when he saw me.
He raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp.
He raises horses and cattle.
He ran across the street, leaving her alone.
He ran an ad in the paper.
He ran and ran, but could not catch up with his dog.
He ran as fast as he could.
He ran away as soon as he saw me.
He ran away at the sight of a policeman.
He ran away when he saw the policeman.
He ran away with the diamond.
He ran away with the money.
He ran faster than his brother did.
He ran five miles.
He ran for governor of California.
He ran for his life.
He ran his fingers through her hair.
He ran into debt.
He ran into the classroom.
He ran into the room.
He ran out of the room in anger.
He ran outside naked.
He ran past without noticing her.
He ran so fast that he was out of breath.
He ran so he would get there on time.
He ran the risk of being caught and imprisoned.
He ran the risk of having an accident.
He ran through the streets naked.
He ran too fast for me to keep up with him.
He ran too fast for us to catch up with.
He ran toward me as fast as he could.
He ran up the stairs.
He ran water into the bathtub.
He ran.
He rang me up at midnight.
He rang the doorbell.
He rarely gives up.
He rarely goes to the movies.
He rarely stays home on Sunday.
He ratted us out.
He reached across the table and shook my hand.
He reached for the book.
He reached for the pistol.
He reached his goal.
He reached the rank of general.
He read a book written in English.
He read the article over and over again.
He read the book yesterday.
He read the document aloud.
He read this book yesterday.
He readily agreed to it.
He reads a good deal.
He reads a great deal.
He reads before bedtime.
He realized his dream of becoming an artist.
He really likes music a lot.
He really likes playing the guitar.
He really likes science fiction novels a lot.
He really likes traveling a lot.
He really wants to buy a new motorcycle.
He received a good education in England.
He received a good education.
He received a large sum of money in compensation for his injury.
He received a registered letter.
He received me cordially.
He received quite a few letters this morning.
He recommended this dictionary to me.
He refused the food with disgust.
He refused to notice me.
He refused to pay.
He refused to take the bribe.
He regained consciousness three hours after the accident.
He regrets having been lazy.
He regrets not having worked harder at school.
He regretted having quit his job.
He regretted it afterwards.
He regretted not having taken my advice.
He relented.
He reluctantly went to see her.
He remained a bachelor all his life.
He remained a poor man.
He remained calm even in the presence of danger.
He remained poor all his life.
He remained poor despite being a hard worker.
He remained silent for a while.
He remained silent.
He remained steadfast to his principles.
He reminded his wife to wake him up at 7:00 a.m.
He reminds me of his father when he speaks.
He reminds me of my grandfather.
He reminds me of somebody.
He removed him from the list.
He removed his shirt.
He removed his sunglasses.
He rented a room on the top floor in order to enjoy a good view.
He repaired my watch for me.
He repairs his own car.
He repeated his question.
He reported the accident to his insurance company.
He represented the labor union on the committee.
He rescued a boy from drowning.
He resembles his father in his way of talking.
He resembles his grandfather.
He resembles his mother.
He resented being called a coward.
He resented that she was dating his brother.
He resigned from his office.
He resigned from the post.
He resigned his post on account of illness.
He resolved to do better work in the future.
He respects me.
He rested and became stronger.
He rested his hand on my shoulder.
He resumed his work after a short break.
He resumed reading after lunch.
He retired to his own room after supper.
He returned from China.
He returned from Holland in June.
He returned from abroad yesterday.
He returned home after being away for ten months.
He returned home for the first time in ten years.
He returned home without telling us.
He returned to Japan after graduating from college.
He returned to Japan.
He returned to his native village, where he spent the last few years of his life.
He returned very late at night.
He ridiculed my idea.
He ripped his shirt open.
He ripped the envelope open.
He risked his life to save her.
He robbed an old lady.
He robbed me of my bag.
He robbed me of my purse.
He rode his bicycle there.
He rose from his chair to welcome me.
He rose to his feet to greet me.
He ruined my life.
He runs a company in Meguro.
He runs a shoe shop.
He runs a supermarket in the town.
He runs as fast as you.
He runs fast.
He runs in the park every day.
He runs the business with his sons.
He runs to the station every morning.
He runs very fast.
He runs.
He rushed out of the office.
He sacrificed everything for you.
He said better times were ahead for the country.
He said good night to his parents.
He said he could swim well.
He said he did not know the man, which was a lie.
He said he did not want to be president.
He said he had more important things to do.
He said he was poor.
He said he would come.
He said he would cut taxes.
He said hello to the woman.
He said his father was an architect and that he wanted to be one too.
He said his name was Tom.
He said military force would not be needed.
He said nothing that would make her angry.
He said nothing, which made her angry.
He said nothing.
He said that I must go there.
He said that I shouldn't even be coming in today.
He said that Tokyo is a safe city.
He said that everything would turn out well.
He said that he didn't know.
He said that he gets up at 6 o'clock every day.
He said that he had left his wallet at home.
He said that he had met her on the previous day.
He said that he takes a walk every morning.
He said that he wanted some money.
He said that he was happy.
He said that he was hungry.
He said that he was very happy.
He said that he would be back soon.
He said that he would come back here tomorrow.
He said that he would help me.
He said that if he had much money, he would buy the dictionary.
He said that if he were there, he would help her.
He said that necessity is the mother of invention.
He said that that girl had kissed him.
He said that you had better go.
He said there was no life on Mars.
He said they should stay out of politics.
He said they wanted to fight until every black man was free.
He said they were responsible for the present problem.
He said to her under his breath, "I love you."
He said to himself, "I will do it."
He said to himself, "Will this operation result in success?"
He said two or three words and left.
He said we just crossed the International Date Line.
He said, "I want to be a doctor."
He said, "I want to be a scientist."
He said, "I will say nothing more, because I hate making excuses."
He said, "It's nine o'clock."
He said, "Leave me alone."
He said, "Let's take a short rest."
He said, "So long, my friends," and left us.
He sang a medley of Simon and Garfunkel hits.
He sang a song.
He sang and sang.
He sang some old songs.
He sat and listened to the radio.
He sat beside her with his eyes closed.
He sat down and read the paper.
He sat down to read a novel.
He sat down to read a story.
He sat in the chair.
He sat looking out of the window.
He sat next to me.
He sat next to the stream.
He sat on the bed.
He sat on the bench.
He sat smoking on the bench.
He sat surrounded by his children.
He sat surrounded by his family.
He sat surrounded by young girls.
He sat there and smoked a pipe.
He sat there smoking a pipe.
He sat there surrounded by his children.
He satisfied his thirst with a large glass of beer.
He saved a hundred dollars.
He saved a little boy from drowning.
He saved her at the cost of his own life.
He saved himself somehow.
He saved no less than ten thousand dollars.
He saved the boy at the risk of his own life.
He saved the princess.
He saved us all.
He saves what he earns.
He saw a butterfly on the wall.
He saw a light far away.
He saw a lot of animals on the road.
He saw a pretty girl.
He saw everything.
He saw he was wrong.
He saw himself as the savior of the world.
He saw it, too.
He saw no advantage in waiting any longer.
He saw suicide as the only way out.
He saw the girl.
He saw the surprise on my face.
He says he drinks to forget.
He says he has a bone to pick with you.
He says he has been to Hawaii before.
He says he is leaving the country for good.
He says he likes flowers.
He says he met my father.
He says he must get rid of the mice that are in the attic.
He says he will come.
He says he won't come.
He says his son can count up to 100 now.
He says it's urgent.
He says that he enjoyed it very much.
He says that he has no memory of the evening.
He says that he saw nothing. However, I don't believe what he says is the truth.
He says we should go that way.
He says what he thinks regardless of other people's feelings.
He scolded her.
He scraped the mud off his boots.
He scratched his head out of habit.
He screamed for help.
He screams a lot.
He searched all day for the letter.
He seated himself beside her.
He seated himself on the bench.
He secretly showed me her photo.
He secretly showed me her photograph.
He secretly showed me her picture.
He seemed really nervous.
He seemed to be ill.
He seemed to be in a good mood.
He seemed to have been ill.
He seemed to have been rich.
He seemed to know everything about me.
He seemed to like that.
He seems absorbed in his work.
He seems as busy as ever.
He seems disappointed in his son.
He seems honest.
He seems hungry.
He seems ill.
He seems interested in her.
He seems interested in me.
He seems kind.
He seems like a respectable businessman, but he's really part of the Mafia.
He seems more or less familiar with the subject.
He seems not to agree.
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
He seems quite happy.
He seems tired.
He seems to be all thumbs.
He seems to be asleep.
He seems to be friendly.
He seems to be having trouble breathing.
He seems to be honest.
He seems to be ill.
He seems to be indifferent to politics.
He seems to be involved in that matter.
He seems to be rich now.
He seems to be rich.
He seems to be sick.
He seems to be very fond of the boy.
He seems to be very sleepy.
He seems to be wary of us.
He seems to have a touch of fever.
He seems to have been ill for a long time.
He seems to have been rich.
He seems to have been sick last week.
He seems to have caught a cold.
He seems to have left the country.
He seems to have no sense of humor.
He seems to have something to do with it.
He seems to know all about her past.
He seems to know nothing about the matter.
He seems to know the secret.
He seems to know us.
He sees nothing wrong with it.
He seldom comes to see me.
He seldom gets angry or irritated.
He seldom gets angry.
He seldom gets sick because he is careful about his health.
He seldom goes to church.
He seldom orders anything new.
He seldom stays home on Sundays.
He seldom, if ever, comes.
He seldom, if ever, goes to church.
He seldom, if ever, goes to the barber's.
He seldom, if ever, goes to the movies.
He seldom, if ever, laughs.
He seldom, if ever, reads a book.
He sells cars.
He sells fruit.
He sells radios.
He sells whisky.
He sent a card to Mary.
He sent about 2.2 billion spam emails over a period of around one and a half years.
He sent an immediate reply to my telegram.
He sent fruits and vegetables to his daughter.
He sent me a birthday card.
He sent me a brief note.
He sent me a comic book from Germany.
He sent me a letter asking if the book had reached me.
He sent me a present.
He sent the letter back unopened.
He served his king faithfully.
He set fire to his own house.
He set his house on fire.
He set off to Paris.
He set out for Tokyo this morning.
He severely criticized the mayor.
He shall have it.
He shamed his whole family by his conduct.
He shared his soup with me.
He shaved his head.
He shaved his mustache off.
He shaves four times a week.
He shined his shoes.
He shooed the flies away.
He shook hands with his friend.
He shook hands with the mayor.
He shook his head.
He shook my hand.
He shot an arrow at the soldier.
He shot at me.
He shot him in the knee.
He shot himself this morning.
He should be angry.
He should come right away!
He should have been a lawyer.
He should have been an actor.
He should have been more careful.
He should have bought a used car.
He should have bought some pencils.
He should have done it that way.
He should have done that long ago.
He should have kept his mouth shut.
He should have the right to decide for himself.
He should have worked harder.
He should thank me.
He should thank you.
He shouted at the top of his voice.
He shouts a lot.
He showed an interest in the book.
He showed courage in the face of danger.
He showed her the way.
He showed interest in the plan.
He showed it to me.
He showed little interest in books or music.
He showed me a lot of beautiful photos.
He showed me around.
He showed me her picture.
He showed me his album.
He showed me his collection of stamps.
He showed me his new car.
He showed me his photograph album.
He showed me his stamp collection.
He showed me how to use this camera.
He showed me the manuscript of his new play.
He showed me the way to the station.
He showed me the way.
He showed off his new watch.
He showed up late to practice.
He showed us a beautiful hat.
He showed us a picture of his mother.
He showed us some pictures.
He showed what he meant.
He showered her with compliments.
He shrugged his shoulders.
He shut the door and went upstairs.
He shut the door behind him.
He shut the door.
He sighed deeply and headed to the corridor.
He signed the check.
He sketched an apple.
He slammed his door shut.
He slammed the door right in my face.
He slept all day.
He slept an hour.
He slept in the car.
He slept soundly.
He slept well last night.
He slept with the window open.
He slipped me a note.
He slipped on a banana peel.
He slipped while crossing the street.
He slowly let the clutch out and drove off.
He smells bad.
He smiled at me and got on the train.
He smiled at us and got on the train.
He smoked a cigar after lunch.
He smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
He smokes like a chimney and drinks like a fish.
He sneaked around to the back door.
He snuck out to meet up with a girl.
He sold all that he owned.
He sold his business and retired.
He sold us out.
He solved every problem.
He solved the difficult problem easily.
He solved the difficult problem.
He solved the problem by himself.
He somehow managed to swim across the river.
He sometimes ate out with his family.
He sometimes comes to see me.
He sometimes eats lunch there, too.
He sometimes forgets to take books back to the library.
He sometimes goes to Tokyo on business.
He sometimes loses hope.
He sometimes makes dinner for us.
He sometimes visits me.
He soon accustomed himself to cold weather.
He soon got used to the new surroundings.
He sought shelter from the rain.
He sounded disappointed.
He sounds disappointed.
He speaks Arabic.
He speaks Chinese very well.
He speaks Chinese.
He speaks English and French.
He speaks English as if he were an American.
He speaks English better than I do.
He speaks English fairly well.
He speaks English fluently.
He speaks English like a native.
He speaks English very well.
He speaks English well.
He speaks English with a German accent.
He speaks English with a Russian accent.
He speaks English with a strong German accent.
He speaks English.
He speaks French fluently.
He speaks French.
He speaks Hebrew very well.
He speaks Japanese as if he were Japanese.
He speaks Portuguese.
He speaks Russian perfectly.
He speaks Russian.
He speaks as if he had read the book before.
He speaks as if he were rich.
He speaks broken French.
He speaks five languages.
He speaks fluently.
He speaks four languages.
He speaks poor French.
He speaks quickly.
He speaks ten languages.
He speaks too fast.
He speaks two languages besides English.
He spends a great deal of money on books.
He spends all his time extolling her virtues.
He spends his evenings in front of his laptop.
He spends too much money.
He spent all night cramming for the test.
He spent all of his money on a car.
He spent much of his time reading.
He spent the evening reading a book.
He spent the night at his uncle's place.
He spent three years in jail.
He spoke for ten minutes without a pause.
He spoke highly of you.
He spoke in a broken English that was hard to understand.
He spoke more and more loudly.
He spoke too quickly for the students.
He spoke under his breath.
He spoke very loudly.
He spoke very well.
He spoke well of her son.
He spoke with a softness characteristic of southerners.
He spoke.
He sprinted to catch up to them.
He squashed my hat flat.
He squashed the insect with the heel of his foot.
He squeezed the toothpaste out of a tube.
He stamped out a fire.
He stared at her with hatred.
He stared at me and said nothing.
He stared at me.
He started a new life.
He started his day with a good breakfast.
He started laughing hysterically.
He started singing.
He started swearing.
He started taking salsa lessons.
He started the day with a good breakfast.
He started to learn Spanish from the radio.
He started to sing.
He stayed at a cheap hotel.
He stayed at a nice hotel.
He stayed at home all day instead of going out.
He stayed at the hotel for two days.
He stayed at the hotel.
He stayed here for a while.
He stayed in London over a month.
He stayed in New York for three weeks.
He stayed in the hotel.
He stayed there for three days.
He stayed up late last night.
He stayed up late.
He stays in touch with her.
He stepped on my foot on purpose.
He sticks to his principles.
He still has a white vest.
He still has much to learn.
He still has three servants.
He still keeps up his interest in music.
He still lives with his parents.
He still loves her.
He still remembers the day his mother found out he was smoking.
He still writes novels from time to time, but not as often as he used to.
He still writes to me from time to time.
He stole a glance at the girl.
He stole money from me.
He stole my heart.
He stole my watch.
He stole the money from my safe.
He stole the money.
He stood aloof from her.
He stood apart from us.
He stood at the end of the line.
He stood behind me.
He stood behind the chair.
He stood by me whenever I was in trouble.
He stood in front of me.
He stood out because he was wearing a suit.
He stood there for a while.
He stood there with his eyes closed.
He stood up and took a deep breath.
He stood up for what was right.
He stood up.
He stood with his back to the wall.
He stopped looking for the pearl.
He stopped reading a book.
He stopped reading the newspaper.
He stopped smoking and started running.
He stopped smoking because his wife and children asked him to.
He stopped smoking last year.
He stopped smoking on his doctor's advice.
He stopped smoking.
He stopped talking.
He struck a match, but quickly put it out.
He struggled to keep up with his classmates.
He stubbed out his cigar in the ashtray and stood up to leave.
He stuck a flower in his buttonhole.
He stuck his knife into the tree.
He stuck out his tongue at his teacher.
He stuck the book in his bag.
He stuck the notice on the board with tacks.
He stuck to his job.
He stuck to his promise.
He stuck to the original plan.
He studied English history.
He studied abroad.
He studied hard and passed the test.
He studied hard in order to pass the examination.
He studied hard.
He studied interior decoration.
He studied military history.
He studied the harder because he was praised by his teacher.
He studied the way birds fly.
He studies American history.
He studies computational linguistics.
He studies contemporary literature.
He studies day and night.
He studies harder than any other student does in his class.
He studies much harder than before.
He studies ten hours a day on average.
He stuffed his laundry into a large bag.
He stuffed the money into his pocket.
He substituted for his father.
He succeeded in business.
He succeeded in swimming across the river.
He succeeded to his estate.
He succeeded to his uncle's fortune.
He suddenly fell ill.
He suddenly missed his watch.
He suddenly noticed his wallet was missing.
He suddenly stopped talking.
He suffered from a bad cold.
He suffered great losses.
He suffered internal injuries in the car accident.
He suggested I go with him to the party.
He suggested a plan similar to mine.
He suggested that the meeting be put off till Monday.
He suggested that we go for a swim.
He suggested that we should put off our departure.
He suggested that we take a short rest.
He suggested to her that she should buy it.
He survived his wife.
He survived the plane crash.
He swallowed his pride.
He swam across the river.
He swims better than I do.
He swims in the river.
He takes a bath every morning.
He takes a walk every morning.
He takes after his father.
He takes everything lightly.
He takes his time when he works.
He takes very good care of his guests.
He takes vitamins.
He talked about ending the war in Korea.
He talked about music.
He talked to a high official of the Treasury Department.
He talked to himself.
He talked to the chairman.
He talked to the chairperson.
He talks a lot about his father.
He talks a lot.
He talks as if he knew everything.
He talks as if he knew the secret.
He talks as if he were a teacher.
He talks as if he were an old man.
He talks as if he were rich.
He talks as though he knew everything.
He talks fast.
He talks too fast.
He talks well.
He taught a group of Indian boys.
He taught himself French.
He taught his children Russian.
He taught me how to spell the word.
He taught me how to swim.
He taught me how to write.
He teaches Arabic.
He teaches English to his friends.
He teaches English.
He teaches mathematics as well as English.
He teaches us English.
He teaches us history.
He telephoned her when he arrived at the station.
He telephoned me again and again.
He tells dirty jokes even to children.
He tells dirty jokes to children.
He tends to be arrogant.
He tends to be late for meetings.
He tends to get angry when people oppose him.
He tends to take sides with the weaker party.
He tends to tell lies.
He thanked me for the gift.
He thanked the host for the very enjoyable party.
He thinks I'm in love with her.
He thinks I'm jealous.
He thinks he can prove it.
He thinks he knows best.
He thinks he knows everything.
He thinks he's a genius.
He thinks his job is pointless.
He thinks of nothing but himself.
He thinks of nothing but making money.
He thinks only about himself.
He thinks that his success is due to luck.
He thought I was my brother.
He thought about growing a beard, but gave up the idea of growing one.
He thought it would be wise to accept the offer.
He thought of a good solution.
He thought someone had put poison in his soup.
He thought that I was very tired.
He thought that it was like a bird cage.
He thought that it would be interesting and fun.
He thought the matter over for three days.
He thought up an excuse.
He threatened to make it public.
He threw a ball over the fence.
He threw a rock into the pond.
He threw a stone at a dog.
He threw a stone at the big dog.
He threw a stone at the dog.
He threw a stone into the lake.
He threw a stone into the pond.
He threw away a bunch of old letters.
He threw everything out of the boat.
He threw in the towel.
He threw me the apple.
He threw the ball.
He threw the banana away.
He thrust me aside.
He tidied up his room.
He tied the dog to a tree.
He tied the twigs into bundles.
He told a friend that he felt very tired and weak.
He told a funny story.
He told a very funny joke.
He told everybody at school.
He told everyone.
He told her about his plan.
He told her something and she smiled.
He told her that he loved her.
He told him right to his face.
He told his brother the story.
He told his son an interesting story.
He told his wife not to buy on impulse.
He told me a long story.
He told me a sad story.
He told me about it in private.
He told me about it.
He told me about the change in the plan.
He told me an interesting story.
He told me everything.
He told me he was a liar, but I don't believe him.
He told me he would go to Venice.
He told me his life's story.
He told me how to play chess.
He told me just the opposite!
He told me not to drive too fast.
He told me not to swim there.
He told me point-blank that I was fired.
He told me that I could use his car.
He told me that I must finish the work by six.
He told me that he had lost his watch.
He told me that he was busy.
He told me that he was hungry.
He told me that he would go to France in June.
He told me that he would see it once more.
He told me that he would visit Nara next month.
He told me that he would wait till I returned.
He told me that his father was a doctor.
He told me that his grandfather is over ninety.
He told me that you were right.
He told me the story of his life.
He told me the truth.
He told me to do it, so I did it.
He told me to meet him at 1 o'clock at the airport.
He told me to meet him at his apartment.
He told me to meet him at his house.
He told me to meet him at the restaurant.
He told me to meet him there.
He told me to speak more slowly.
He told the truth, otherwise he would have been punished.
He told the truth.
He told them to stay on the north side of the river.
He told us a lie.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
He told us an interesting story.
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed.
He told us to keep quiet.
He took a big risk.
He took a coin out of his pocket.
He took a day off.
He took a deep breath.
He took a hot bath and turned on the TV.
He took a key from his coat pocket.
He took a look at the newspaper before going to bed.
He took a mirror and carefully examined his tongue.
He took a photograph of the family.
He took a picture of the koala.
He took a shortcut through the forest.
He took a step forward.
He took a taxi both ways.
He took a taxi in order not to miss the train.
He took a walk before breakfast.
He took a week off.
He took advantage of me.
He took advantage of my ignorance and deceived me.
He took advantage of the opportunity to visit the museum.
He took advantage of the opportunity.
He took away what little money I had.
He took back everything he said.
He took back what he had said about her.
He took charge of the arrangements for the party.
He took charge of the expenses.
He took credit for my idea.
He took her by the hand.
He took her out for a drive.
He took his book.
He took his coat off and set to work.
He took his time doing his homework.
He took his time.
He took his wallet out of his pocket.
He took many pictures in London.
He took me for my twin brother.
He took me to school by car.
He took me to the park yesterday.
He took my umbrella without so much as asking.
He took no notice of me.
He took no photos of the festival.
He took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
He took off his clothes.
He took off his coat and put it on again.
He took off his glasses after that.
He took off his glasses.
He took off his hat and made a polite bow.
He took off his hat.
He took off his overcoat.
He took out a dollar from his wallet.
He took out a piece of paper.
He took out accident insurance.
He took out his passport.
He took over the business after her death.
He took over the business from his father.
He took part in the Olympic Games.
He took part in the anti-war demonstration.
He took part in the expedition.
He took poison by mistake.
He took something out of his pocket.
He took the job without giving it much thought.
He took the public by surprise.
He took the trouble to assist the poor man.
He took the trouble to see me off at the station.
He took the trouble to send me the book.
He took the trouble to show me the way to the station.
He took the wrong bus by mistake.
He took the wrong train by mistake.
He took to drinking after his wife left him.
He took up residence in Jamaica.
He tore the book apart.
He tore the photographs into pieces.
He tossed and turned all night.
He touched her on the shoulder.
He touched my hand.
He touched my shoulder.
He trained very hard.
He trampled on her feelings.
He transferred his whole estate to his son.
He translated Homer from the Greek into English.
He translated a Japanese novel into French.
He translated the book from French into English.
He translated the verse into English.
He traveled all over Europe.
He traveled on business.
He traveled to Hawaii with the family.
He treated it with utmost care.
He treated me badly.
He treats his employees well.
He treats me as an adult.
He treats me as if I am a stranger.
He treats me as if I were a stranger.
He treats me like a child.
He tricked her into agreeing to his proposal.
He tricked me.
He tried again and again, but didn't succeed.
He tried harder to get good marks than I did.
He tried in vain to convince them of his innocence.
He tried in vain to lift up the stone.
He tried in vain to open the locked door.
He tried it over and over again.
He tried it with a friend.
He tried many different methods.
He tried opening the door.
He tried speaking French to us.
He tried to absorb as much of the local culture as possible.
He tried to adapt himself to his new surroundings.
He tried to approach her using every possible means.
He tried to attract her attention.
He tried to blame me for everything.
He tried to choke him.
He tried to comfort her, but she kept crying.
He tried to commit a suicide.
He tried to concentrate on the letter.
He tried to get her on the phone without success.
He tried to get up early.
He tried to give up smoking several times, but failed.
He tried to keep back his tears.
He tried to kill himself.
He tried to make both ends meet.
He tried to make his wife happy, but he couldn't.
He tried to make his wife happy, but in vain.
He tried to make up for lost time.
He tried to open the window.
He tried to pull a fast one on me.
He tried to put the fragments of a broken vase together.
He tried to restrain his anger.
He tried to sleep on the floor.
He tried to solve the problem, but had no luck.
He tried to soothe the angry man.
He tried to speak French to us.
He tried to stand up.
He tried to unify the various groups.
He tried to write down everything the teacher said.
He tried with all his might to stretch the bow and shoot the arrow as far as possible.
He tried writing a short story.
He tries hard.
He tries.
He trusted you.
He tucked the handkerchief in his pocket.
He turned Christian.
He turned a blind eye.
He turned a somersault.
He turned around and looked back.
He turned around when I called.
He turned around.
He turned his attention to the picture.
He turned his back on the old tradition.
He turned off the TV and began to study.
He turned off the light.
He turned on the faucet and a jet of water came out.
He turned on the radio.
He turned out to be her father.
He turned out to be nothing but a liar.
He turned over a new leaf in life.
He turned over the business to his son.
He turned pale the instant he saw her.
He turned the bottle upside down and shook it, but still the honey wouldn't come out.
He turned the corner.
He turned the key.
He turned the problem over in his mind for three days before he did anything about it.
He turned to the left at the corner.
He turned traitor.
He turned up an hour later.
He turned up half an hour late.
He turned up the volume on the television.
He turns up his nose at everything.
He twirled his mustache.
He twisted my arm.
He unbuttoned his shirt.
He understands French.
He undertook a great deal of work.
He unexpectedly met her in the market.
He unzipped his pants.
He urged us to obey the rule.
He used a big piece of paper to make the bag.
He used a fake I.D.
He used a headache as an excuse for leaving early.
He used every chance to practice English.
He used her bike without asking permission.
He used his umbrella as a weapon.
He used me as a guinea pig.
He used the dictionary.
He used to be a nice boy.
He used to be a quiet man.
He used to come here on Mondays.
He used to drink.
He used to eat out every day, but now he can't afford it.
He used to live here.
He used to love her.
He used to love that.
He used to meditate in the morning.
He used to read a lot.
He used to read at night.
He used to say so, but now he doesn't.
He used to walk to his office.
He used to work as a stuntman.
He uses a pencil with a fine point.
He uses foul language whenever he gets angry.
He uses honey instead of sugar.
He uses the same books as you use.
He uses the same dictionary as I do.
He usually comes in time.
He usually fed his dog cheap dog food.
He usually gets up at six.
He usually goes to school by bus.
He usually goes to work at 8 a.m.
He usually looks through the newspapers before breakfast.
He violated a law.
He visited France three times.
He visited Japan when he was president.
He visited Kyoto last year.
He visited a friend.
He visited his hometown for the first time in ten years.
He visited his uncle yesterday.
He visited many countries in Asia.
He visits us now and then.
He vowed to give up smoking.
He waited for him until 10.
He waited for me until I arrived.
He waited for several seconds and opened the door.
He waited his turn.
He waited until she came.
He walked across the street.
He walked along the river.
He walked along the street.
He walked away with a sad look on his face.
He walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train.
He walked down the street whistling cheerfully.
He walked his horse to the gate.
He walked quietly.
He walked rapidly.
He walked slowly so the child could follow.
He walked slowly so the children would be able to follow.
He walked so fast that she couldn't keep up with him.
He walked through the forest.
He walked to and fro in front of her house.
He walks fast.
He walks his dog every morning.
He walks in the park every morning.
He walks slowly.
He walks to school.
He wanted his ashes spread over the ocean after he died.
He wanted it to be a surprise.
He wanted the taxi driver to turn left.
He wanted to be a great military leader.
He wanted to be rich.
He wanted to be woken up early by his wife.
He wanted to become a farmer.
He wanted to buy a book.
He wanted to buy the book.
He wanted to come with us.
He wanted to flatter me.
He wanted to go to sea.
He wanted to meet me.
He wanted to meet you.
He wanted to succeed.
He wanted to teach English at school.
He wanted to test his limits.
He wants a glass of cold water.
He wants a new car.
He wants a watch just like yours.
He wants a watch like yours.
He wants affection.
He wants an iPad 4.
He wants an iPad mini.
He wants me to help him with a school project.
He wants me to help him.
He wants only the best.
He wants red glasses.
He wants the camera badly.
He wants to be a doctor in the future.
He wants to be a policeman in the future.
He wants to be a tennis player when he grows up.
He wants to be a tennis player.
He wants to be different.
He wants to be like me.
He wants to be more independent.
He wants to buy a pearl necklace for his wife.
He wants to come with us.
He wants to come.
He wants to get a new dictionary.
He wants to get rid of his books.
He wants to get rid of the ants.
He wants to go to America.
He wants to go to the United States.
He wants to go.
He wants to kiss her.
He wants to learn how to cook.
He wants to learn some English songs.
He wants to learn to swim.
He wants to live closer to nature.
He wants to make fun of me.
He wants to marry my daughter.
He wants to meet you.
He wants to participate in the contest.
He wants to pay off his debts.
He wants to pay off his loan.
He wants to play soccer this afternoon.
He wants to play tennis when he's older.
He wants to save the planet.
He wants to see if he's still got what it takes.
He wants to sell his old car to a man in Kobe.
He wants to talk to you.
He wants to work in a hospital.
He wants us to free the prisoners.
He wants vengeance.
He warmed himself at the stove.
He warned us not to enter the room.
He was English.
He was a Frenchman. I could tell by his accent.
He was a big, heavy man.
He was a brave soldier.
He was a famous poet and a competent diplomat.
He was a fresh face in American politics.
He was a good king.
He was a great musician.
He was a little old man with thick glasses.
He was a much better general than politician.
He was a pioneer in this field.
He was a poor musician.
He was a professor at Cambridge University.
He was a real drunkard.
He was a rugby player.
He was a tall man.
He was a tall, thin man.
He was a warm gentleman with a pleasant sense of humor.
He was a wonderful man.
He was able to get home before dark.
He was able to read the book.
He was able to solve the problem.
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.
He was about to speak.
He was absent because of illness.
He was absent because of the storm.
He was absent from school for a week.
He was absent from school yesterday because he was sick.
He was absent from school yesterday.
He was absent on the particular day.
He was absolved of all responsibility.
He was absorbed in deep thought.
He was absorbed in reading when I visited him.
He was absorbed in thought.
He was accompanied by his aunt.
He was accompanied by his girlfriend.
He was accompanied by his wife.
He was accused of evading tax.
He was accused of money-laundering.
He was accused of murder.
He was accused of murdering his wife and child.
He was accused of stealing dinosaur bones.
He was accused of stealing the jewels.
He was acquitted.
He was acting on orders.
He was admitted to the school.
He was advanced to the rank of general.
He was afraid of his wife.
He was afraid of making the first move.
He was afraid of the dark.
He was afraid that he might hurt her feelings.
He was after the first prize.
He was all alone in the house.
He was alone at the time.
He was alone there.
He was alone.
He was always on the people's side.
He was an extremely able man.
He was angry and confused.
He was angry with himself.
He was angry with his daughter.
He was angry with his son.
He was angry with his students.
He was arrested as an accessory to the robbery.
He was arrested for fencing stolen goods.
He was arrested for murder.
He was arrested on the charge of burglary.
He was as good a pianist as his mother.
He was ashamed of his tears.
He was asking about your health.
He was at home.
He was at the bottom of the class.
He was at the front for three months.
He was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
He was attacked by a shark.
He was attracted to the woman.
He was awarded a special prize.
He was aware of the danger.
He was awoken by the noise.
He was badly wounded.
He was banished from the kingdom.
He was banished to an island for high treason.
He was beaten black and blue.
He was beaten into submission.
He was better than I expected.
He was blind from birth.
He was blinded in an accident.
He was blue from the cold.
He was bored with his family.
He was born in 1960.
He was born in Africa.
He was born in Athens in 1956.
He was born in England, but was educated in America.
He was born in Nagasaki.
He was born in Ohio.
He was born in Osaka.
He was born in Switzerland.
He was born in a small town in Italy.
He was born in the 19th century.
He was born on July 28th, 1888.
He was born poor, but died a millionaire.
He was born rich.
He was born to be a painter.
He was brave enough to go there alone.
He was brought to tears.
He was brought up by her grandmother.
He was brought up by his uncle.
He was buried alive.
He was buried in this graveyard.
He was burning with fever.
He was bursting with energy.
He was busy copying his friend's notebook.
He was busy when I called him up.
He was busy with his homework.
He was busy yesterday afternoon.
He was busy, but he took the time to show me around the city.
He was busy.
He was careful not to disrupt the meeting.
He was caught by an undercover police officer.
He was challenged to a drinking contest.
He was charged with conspiracy.
He was cheered by the good news.
He was cleaning his room.
He was compelled to sign the contract.
He was completely sloshed.
He was condemned to death.
He was conspicuous in his suit.
He was constantly bullied at school.
He was covered all over with white paint.
He was covered with sweat.
He was criticized for raising taxes.
He was crying.
He was cured of his bad habits.
He was dazzled by her beauty.
He was dead wrong.
He was deaf to my pleas.
He was delicate as a child.
He was deserted by his friends.
He was determined to go abroad.
He was disappointed at not being invited.
He was disappointed.
He was disciplined for his wrongdoing.
He was disqualified from taking part in the contest.
He was distracted by the beautiful girl.
He was dragged along by the current.
He was driven by revenge.
He was driving a car along the street.
He was drunk and forgot to shut the back door.
He was drunk on beer.
He was dumped by his girlfriend.
He was eager for news.
He was eager to return to school in September.
He was easily deceived and gave her some money.
He was easily influenced.
He was educated at a public school.
He was educated by his grandfather.
He was eighty-two years old and feeling his age.
He was elected captain of the team.
He was elected chairman.
He was elected governor of Texas in 1994.
He was elected mayor again.
He was elected mayor of the city.
He was elected mayor.
He was elected president.
He was elected to the Senate in the last election.
He was envious of his friend's promotion.
He was eventually sentenced to five years in prison for that violent crime.
He was every inch a king.
He was excommunicated.
He was exhausted when he got home.
He was exiled from his own country.
He was expected to make a decision.
He was experienced in business.
He was familiar with the roads of Tokyo.
He was fast asleep.
He was feeling for the light switch in the dark.
He was fired for stealing.
He was first elected to Congress in 1948.
He was first elected to the Senate in 1984.
He was foolish enough to believe her.
He was foolish enough to believe it.
He was foolish enough to believe what she said.
He was foolish to agree to the plan.
He was forced to go back because of the bad weather.
He was forced to resign as prime minister.
He was forced to return to Washington.
He was forced to work overtime.
He was fortunate to find the book he had lost.
He was fortunate to pass the exam.
He was found guilty of attempted murder for attacking his mother with a knife.
He was found guilty of murder.
He was framed on a murder charge.
He was frozen to death.
He was fully clothed.
He was getting old.
He was given a gold watch as a reward.
He was given an important mission.
He was given the finest education that money could buy.
He was given up for dead.
He was giving a speech.
He was granted admission to the university.
He was great.
He was hanged for murder.
He was happily married.
He was happy being a Jew.
He was hard to please.
He was having lunch when I entered the room.
He was heartbroken.
He was hit by a falling rock and died instantly.
He was holding a pen in his hand.
He was home alone at the time.
He was hurt in a car accident.
He was hurt in the accident.
He was ignorant of the fact that the town had been destroyed.
He was ill, but today he's all right.
He was ill, so he couldn't come.
He was impolite, not to say rude.
He was impressed.
He was imprisoned.
He was in America at that time.
He was in France.
He was in critical condition.
He was in good health last summer.
He was in good spirits.
He was in his shirt sleeves.
He was in the army for thirty years.
He was in the habit of getting up early.
He was in the habit of taking a walk after supper.
He was in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
He was in the hospital for a week.
He was in the process of making a final decision.
He was in the queue.
He was in the right place at the right time.
He was in the shower.
He was injured in a traffic accident.
He was injured in the accident.
He was interested in me.
He was invited to be the chairman of the club.
He was involved in a murder case.
He was irritated by her delay.
He was jealous of my success.
He was jealous of their happiness.
He was just behind me.
He was just thirty-six years old.
He was kept waiting for a long time.
He was killed by a blunt weapon.
He was killed by a land mine.
He was killed by a single bullet.
He was killed by his own brother.
He was killed in a car accident.
He was killed in a railroad accident.
He was killed in an airplane accident.
He was killed instantly.
He was killed with a sword.
He was kind enough to help me.
He was kind enough to show me the way to the library.
He was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
He was kind enough to take me to the bus stop.
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
He was kind enough to take us over to the island in his boat.
He was kind enough to tell me the truth.
He was kind enough to tie my shoelaces.
He was knocked over by the car.
He was known to everybody in the village.
He was lame after the fall.
He was late because of the snow.
He was late for school yesterday.
He was late to his own wedding.
He was laughed at by his friends.
He was leaning against the rail.
He was leaning against the wall.
He was like a father to me.
He was listening to music in his room.
He was living in England when the war broke out.
He was living in London when the war broke out.
He was living with the Indians.
He was looking around as if he was expecting someone.
He was looking for a good job.
He was looking forward to spending the weekend with her in their little cottage in Somerset.
He was loved by everybody.
He was loved by everyone that knew him.
He was lucky.
He was lying on his back on the beach.
He was lying on the bed.
He was lying on the couch.
He was lying on the grass.
He was made captain of the team.
He was made fun of by his classmates.
He was made to sign the contract against his will.
He was made to wait at the station for two hours.
He was making his way through the crowd.
He was married to her sister.
He was mistaken for his younger brother.
He was more surprised than I had expected.
He was more than a king.
He was moved to tears when he heard the news.
He was my best friend in high school.
He was my only friend.
He was naive.
He was nearly drowned.
He was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street.
He was nearly run over at an intersection.
He was negligent of his duties.
He was never to see her again.
He was never to see his parents again.
He was never to see his wife and family again.
He was no longer dependent on his parents.
He was not a good politician.
He was not a good speaker.
He was not a man to be disheartened by a single failure.
He was not at all satisfied with the result.
He was not at all satisfied.
He was not aware of the danger.
He was not conscious of his own mistake.
He was not disappointed.
He was not feeling well.
He was not happy at all.
He was not impressed.
He was not pleased.
He was not quick enough.
He was not sure what to do.
He was obviously drunk.
He was obviously in pain.
He was on the roof with his electric guitar.
He was one of the leaders of the revolution.
He was operated on yesterday.
He was out of breath when he got here.
He was overwhelmed by the intensity of her love.
He was paid 10,000 dollars.
He was painfully thin.
He was paralyzed by fear.
He was paralyzed with terror.
He was passing by on his bicycle when he heard a cry for help.
He was perfect.
He was persuaded to change his mind.
He was petting the dog.
He was playing tennis all day.
He was playing the piano and she was singing.
He was playing the piano.
He was playing with a lighter.
He was pleasantly surprised.
He was pleased with the toy.
He was poor and could not buy it.
He was poor and couldn't buy a coat.
He was poor, so he couldn't go to college.
He was present at the meeting.
He was pressed for time, so he only skimmed through the morning paper before rushing out the door.
He was promoted three times in one year.
He was promoted to colonel two years ago.
He was promoted to the position of head teacher.
He was promoted to the position of school principal.
He was punished all the same.
He was punished for drunken driving.
He was punished for his crimes.
He was punished for lying.
He was put in jail for writing the book.
He was put up for adoption.
He was quickly recaptured.
He was raised by his grandparents.
He was raised in an artistic family.
He was raised in the United States, but his native language is Japanese.
He was reading a newspaper.
He was ready to face his fate.
He was really impressed.
He was reluctant to go there.
He was resting under a tree when an apple fell on his head.
He was robbed of all his money.
He was robbed of his youth.
He was robbed when coming home late at night.
He was run over and killed.
He was run over by a car.
He was running for re-election.
He was satisfied with his new car.
He was satisfied with the result.
He was saved by a hair.
He was scared to admit that he didn't know.
He was scared you would shoot him.
He was scolded by his mother.
He was seen crossing the road.
He was seized with fear.
He was sent abroad as a correspondent.
He was sent to save the princess.
He was sentenced to community service.
He was sentenced to death by firing squad.
He was sentenced to death.
He was sentenced to three years in jail.
He was seriously injured in a traffic accident.
He was seriously injured in the car accident.
He was severe with his children.
He was sharpening a knife.
He was shivering from the cold.
He was shot to death.
He was shy at first.
He was shy at the beginning.
He was sick last week.
He was sick, but he went to school.
He was sick, so he couldn't come.
He was sick, so he did not go out.
He was silent all the time.
He was silly enough to believe her.
He was sitting and reading a book.
He was sitting between Mary and Tom.
He was sitting in the library when I saw him.
He was sitting next to me.
He was sitting on a bench with his eyes closed.
He was sitting on a bench.
He was sitting there with a pipe in his mouth.
He was sitting up straight.
He was sitting with his arms folded.
He was sleeping under the tree.
He was small, but strong.
He was smiling as if nothing had happened to him.
He was snoring loudly while he slept.
He was snoring loudly.
He was so angry he couldn't speak.
He was so confused that his answer did not make any sense.
He was so frightened that he ran for his life.
He was so intent on money-making that he had no time to think of anything else.
He was so mad that he forgot to eat dinner.
He was so poor that he couldn't buy bread.
He was so sad that he almost went mad.
He was so tired that he could hardly stand.
He was so tired that he could hardly walk.
He was sound asleep.
He was speaking.
He was spotted stealing cookies.
He was spreading mulch in the flower beds.
He was standing at the door.
He was standing at the street corner.
He was standing at the top of the mountain.
He was standing behind the door.
He was standing by the gate with his hand in his pocket.
He was standing there with a vacant look.
He was standing.
He was staring at her.
He was still in his teens when he founded a company.
He was stoned.
He was strict with his children.
He was stunned and didn't know how to answer.
He was stunned by her beauty.
He was stunned.
He was stupid enough to believe her.
He was stupid enough to believe what she said.
He was subjected to severe criticism.
He was successful in several areas.
He was successful in the attempt.
He was suddenly attacked by a mysterious disease.
He was suddenly very happy.
He was suffering from a bad headache.
He was summoned to appear in court.
He was supposed to go to school.
He was surprised at the long-distance phone bill.
He was surprised at the news.
He was surprised by the sudden appearance of his friend.
He was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down.
He was surprised to learn this.
He was surrounded by a throng of reporters.
He was taken away by a policeman.
He was taken away by four police officers in the middle of the night.
He was tenacious.
He was the first man I interviewed for the job.
He was the first man that climbed Mount Everest.
He was the first man to cross the Pacific.
He was the last to leave.
He was the leader of the great expedition.
He was the leader of the movement.
He was the most famous writer of his day.
He was the one who suggested it.
He was the only man.
He was the only witness of the accident.
He was the sort of man you could get along with.
He was there on business.
He was thirsty.
He was thrown behind bars.
He was thrown in prison for robbery.
He was tied to the tree with a rope.
He was tired from his long walk.
He was tired, but he kept on working.
He was to have called her up, but he forgot.
He was told to abstain from drinking by the doctor.
He was too angry to speak.
He was too busy to notice it.
He was too drunk to drive home.
He was too old to swim.
He was too tired to go any further.
He was too tired to study.
He was too tired to walk any further.
He was too young to go to school.
He was too young to live alone.
He was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her.
He was unable to move.
He was unaware of the danger.
He was unaware of the situation.
He was unconscious for several days.
He was unconscious for three days.
He was unconscious of his guilt.
He was underwater for three minutes.
He was unimpressed.
He was unwilling to tell us his name.
He was very angry with me when I forgot the appointment.
He was very busy all day.
He was very excited.
He was very gifted and talented.
He was very glad when she offered to help him fix his roof.
He was very happy.
He was very insistent.
He was very kind to them.
He was very old.
He was very patient.
He was very pleased when he saw him.
He was very poor.
He was very tall and thin, with long arms and legs.
He was very tall, so I recognized him at once.
He was very thirsty and asked for some water.
He was visibly bothered.
He was visibly nervous.
He was visiting his foster mother.
He was voted prom king.
He was waiting for a long time.
He was walking slowly down the street.
He was watching television all day.
He was way behind on his rent. As a result, he was evicted from his apartment.
He was weak from the loss of blood.
He was wearing a dinner jacket.
He was wearing a threadbare suit.
He was wearing a tux.
He was wearing a tuxedo.
He was wearing black trousers and a beautiful white shirt.
He was wearing glasses.
He was wearing nothing but his underwear.
He was welcomed everywhere.
He was welcomed wherever he went.
He was whistling a tune.
He was wide awake.
He was wise enough to take her advice.
He was wounded by a bullet.
He was wounded in the fight.
He was wounded in the shoulder.
He was wounded in the war.
He was wrong in thinking that she'd come to see him.
He was wrong.
He was young and innocent.
He washed her dirty hands before the meal.
He washes his car at least once a week.
He washes the bike every week.
He wasn't able to stand up at once.
He wasn't even there.
He wasn't foolish enough to tell that story around her.
He wasn't happy in spite of all his wealth.
He wasn't only fined, he also had to pay for damages.
He wasn't ready for it.
He wasn't so stupid that he talked about that in her presence.
He wasn't stupid enough to talk about that while she was around.
He wasn't there last week.
He watched a Swedish movie.
He watched as the doctors bent over her.
He watched the boys swimming.
He watched the game with his arms folded.
He watches TV every day.
He waved at her.
He wears a bow tie every day.
He wears an eyepatch.
He wears designer glasses.
He wears expensive clothes and owns a lot of jewelry.
He wears glasses.
He wears his hair long.
He wears pajamas.
He wears thick glasses.
He weighed the stone in his hand.
He weighs 70 kilos.
He weighs about 300 pounds.
He went aboard the plane.
He went abroad.
He went as far as to call you a hypocrite.
He went back to Japan.
He went back to get his hat.
He went ballistic.
He went blind from the accident.
He went blind.
He went by bicycle.
He went by me without noticing me.
He went deaf as a result of an accident.
He went fishing in a river near the village.
He went for the doctor.
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane.
He went home three hours later.
He went home yesterday.
He went into the bank.
He went on a one-day trip.
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened.
He went on singing.
He went on to demonstrate how to use the machine.
He went on walking in the rain without an umbrella.
He went out in spite of the storm.
He went out in the rain.
He went out of his way to assist me.
He went out of his way to find the house for me.
He went out of his way to help me.
He went out of the room.
He went out to eat.
He went out with a bundle of clothes in his hand.
He went out without saying goodbye to me.
He went shopping at a department store.
He went so far as to call her a fool.
He went so far as to call me a fool.
He went so far as to call me a liar.
He went so far as to hit her.
He went so far as to say that I was coward.
He went surfing.
He went there instead of his father.
He went there to learn English.
He went through a very hard time.
He went to America last week.
He went to America to study American literature.
He went to America to study medicine.
He went to America.
He went to Boston by car.
He went to England for the purpose of studying English literature.
He went to Italy ten years ago and has lived there ever since.
He went to London in 1970.
He went to London two years ago.
He went to London via Paris.
He went to New York as soon as he got the letter.
He went to New York on Monday.
He went to Paris at the end of May.
He went to Paris by car yesterday.
He went to a fruit store first.
He went to art school to study painting and sculpture.
He went to school only for a few years.
He went to sea when he was only 14.
He went to sleep at six o'clock and he is still sleeping.
He went to some place or other.
He went to stay with his cousin.
He went to the United States to study medicine.
He went to the airport to see her off.
He went to the back of the building.
He went to the bank and changed his money.
He went to the dentist.
He went to the hardware store to get a shovel.
He went to the hospital yesterday.
He went to the post office to mail the letter.
He went to the shop.
He went traveling in search of adventure.
He went up Mt. Fuji.
He went up the steps slowly.
He went up to her and they shook hands.
He wet the towel with water.
He wetted his towel with water.
He whispered something in her ear.
He whispered something to her.
He whispered something to me.
He whispered the answer in my ear.
He whispered to me that he was hungry.
He whistled for his dog.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
He who fights may lose, but he who doesn't has already lost.
He who hesitates is lost.
He who knows several languages gets more from the world.
He who laughs last laughs best.
He who laughs last, laughs best.
He who lives by the sword will die by the sword.
He who pays the piper calls the tune.
He who pays the piper, calls the tune.
He who reads often and walks often, sees much and knows much.
He who seeks wisdom is a wise man, he who thinks he's found it is a fool.
He who sleeps with dogs gets up with fleas.
He who thinks he has learned enough has learned nothing.
He will advise you on that matter.
He will always be with you.
He will arrive by eight at the latest.
He will arrive in Paris tomorrow.
He will arrive on June 24th.
He will arrive there about five o'clock.
He will arrive within an hour.
He will be a good husband.
He will be a good teacher.
He will be back in a couple of days.
He will be back in a few days.
He will be back in a second.
He will be back in an hour.
He will be back in ten minutes.
He will be back soon.
He will be back tomorrow.
He will be free tomorrow.
He will be here all evening.
He will be here any moment.
He will be here soon.
He will be in New York for two weeks.
He will be in time for the train.
He will be missed.
He will be my deputy while I am away.
He will be punished.
He will be ready.
He will be ruined for life.
He will be talking with his family at this time tomorrow.
He will be very busy next month.
He will become a good doctor.
He will come back at four.
He will come back sooner or later.
He will come back.
He will come home in a few days.
He will come if you call him.
He will come into a large fortune.
He will come soon.
He will come this afternoon.
He will come tomorrow.
He will come.
He will commit suicide if he can't see his son.
He will defeat them.
He will do anything to make money.
He will do his best to finish it on time.
He will do his best.
He will end up in prison.
He will explain it to you when he comes back.
He will follow my advice.
He will forever be in our hearts.
He will go in your place.
He will go to New York next month.
He will go to Tokyo tomorrow, won't he?
He will have no choice but to accept.
He will have to undergo an operation next week.
He will leave Tokyo and come to Kansai in June.
He will live forever in our hearts.
He will look after the cats for me while I'm abroad.
He will make a good team captain.
He will make her a good husband.
He will make my sister a good husband.
He will make you eat dirt.
He will never forgive my debt.
He will never give in even when he is wrong.
He will never live up to his parent's expectations.
He will never make it.
He will not approve.
He will not go.
He will not stay for more than four days.
He will notice sooner or later.
He will object to your going abroad.
He will pass the next examination.
He will pass the upcoming examination.
He will pay 20 dollars at most.
He will pay for everything.
He will play tennis with his friends.
He will provide you with what you need.
He will regret this.
He will return within 3 hours.
He will soon be a father.
He will soon become a father.
He will take over the business when his father retires.
He will tell me everything sooner or later.
He will travel abroad next year.
He will wait.
He will win the first prize.
He will write an answer very soon.
He will write for hours at a time.
He winked at her.
He wiped his hands on a handkerchief.
He wiped his nose on his sleeve.
He wiped the sweat from his face.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead.
He wiped the sweat off his face.
He wished he had more time.
He wished she had more time for him.
He wishes to become a doctor.
He wishes to erase bad memories.
He witnessed the murder.
He woke up in the middle of the night.
He woke up naked and confused.
He won a bronze medal.
He won a gold medal.
He won a silver medal.
He won a sizeable amount of money.
He won many competitions.
He won the election by a large majority.
He won the first prize at the chess tournament.
He won the prize last week.
He won the race again.
He won the third prize.
He won't be able to escape from there without a miracle, will he?
He won't be away for long.
He won't be in time for the meeting.
He won't be missed.
He won't beat me.
He won't come to class tomorrow.
He won't go near the water because he's deathly afraid of jellyfish.
He won't leave me alone.
He won't let anybody sit in his armchair.
He won't like this.
He won't listen to me.
He won't live a long life.
He won't live much longer.
He won't make it.
He won't turn up tonight.
He wondered to himself why his wife had left him.
He wondered why she did that.
He wore a coat too large for him.
He wore a dark sweater.
He wore a light blue tie.
He wore a red sash across his chest.
He wore glasses.
He wore old shoes.
He wore red pants.
He worked all day yesterday.
He worked at night and slept in the daytime.
He worked far into the night.
He worked from morning till evening.
He worked hard in order to support his family.
He worked hard to earn a lot of money.
He worked hard to obtain his objective.
He worked hard.
He worked last night without taking a break.
He worked long into the night.
He worked so hard that he ruined his health.
He worked through the night.
He worked very hard.
He works Sundays.
He works all night and he sleeps all day.
He works all night.
He works as a busboy.
He works as a ghost writer.
He works as a gondolier in Venice.
He works as a gym teacher.
He works as a translator.
He works at a bank.
He works at a tattoo parlor.
He works at night.
He works at the welfare office.
He works eight hours a day.
He works every day but Sunday.
He works every day except Sunday.
He works for a bank.
He works for an American company.
He works from Monday to Friday.
He works hard and never complains.
He works hard to earn his living.
He works in a bank.
He works in a call center.
He works in that lab.
He works in the automobile industry.
He works in the lab.
He works in the laboratory.
He works in the planning section.
He works like a maniac.
He works long hours.
He works on the farm from morning till night.
He works very hard.
He would be glad to hear that.
He would be the last man to break his word.
He would give an arm and a leg for that.
He would give you the shirt off his back.
He would have succeeded.
He would like to come with us to the movie.
He would like to know whether you play chess.
He would not admit his fault.
He would not approve.
He would not take the money.
He would often come to see me.
He would often go fishing on Sunday.
He would often say such a thing.
He would rather go by train than by plane.
He would sit and look at the sea for hours.
He would sooner die than get up early every morning.
He wouldn't allow me to drive his car.
He wouldn't believe us.
He wouldn't dare show his face around here again.
He wouldn't even lift a finger.
He wouldn't even look at me.
He wouldn't give in.
He wouldn't harm a fly.
He wouldn't hurt a fly.
He wouldn't listen to my advice.
He wouldn't permit me to swim in the river.
He wrapped his arms around me.
He wrenched the letter from my hand.
He wrestled his attacker to the ground.
He writes Arabic.
He writes books.
He writes scripts for TV shows.
He writes to his mother every now and then.
He writes to his parents once a month.
He writes to me once a week.
He wrote a book about China.
He wrote a book about his adventures in the jungle.
He wrote a book on China.
He wrote a book on porcelain.
He wrote a book while in China.
He wrote a letter yesterday.
He wrote a letter.
He wrote a lot of stories.
He wrote it hurriedly.
He wrote me a long letter.
He wrote me a love letter.
He wrote me from Japan.
He wrote on the social evolution of Japan.
He wrote one letter.
He wrote the report.
He wrote this book at the age of twenty.
He wrote three books in three years.
He wrote to his parents.
He wrote to me yesterday.
He wrung out the dish towel and hung it up to dry.
He yearned for her to come home.
He zipped up his jacket.
He'd been in Kyoto twice.
He'd love to live in the city.
He'd never let me drive his car.
He'd prefer to go on Friday.
He'll always come through.
He'll answer your letter soon.
He'll arrive within an hour.
He'll be a good husband.
He'll be along in ten minutes.
He'll be back home soon.
He'll be back in a few minutes.
He'll be back soon.
He'll be glad to see you.
He'll be granted American citizenship.
He'll be here again.
He'll be here any second.
He'll be here soon.
He'll be in London about this time tomorrow.
He'll be married next Sunday.
He'll be safe with me.
He'll be taking an exam next week.
He'll be there, rain or shine.
He'll become a father soon.
He'll catch up with us in an hour.
He'll clutch at any straw.
He'll come on foot or by bicycle.
He'll do his best to finish the job.
He'll do well.
He'll get over it.
He'll help you if you ask.
He'll know the secret sooner or later.
He'll leave for Tokyo tomorrow.
He'll make a good husband.
He'll make a good lawyer sooner or later.
He'll never achieve anything unless he works harder.
He'll never beat me.
He'll never forgive me.
He'll play golf even if it rains.
He'll probably win in the next election.
He'll regret it sooner or later.
He'll return at six.
He'll rip my head off.
He'll run out of luck sooner or later.
He'll soon catch up with Tom.
He'll understand.
He'll win for sure.
He's Austrian.
He's English.
He's Swiss.
He's a British citizen, but he lives in India.
He's a Chinese-American.
He's a DJ.
He's a Frenchman.
He's a bad liar.
He's a baseball player.
He's a big boy.
He's a big coward.
He's a bigot.
He's a bit drunk.
He's a bit jealous.
He's a bit of a loner.
He's a bit shy.
He's a butcher.
He's a carbon copy of his father.
He's a cardiologist.
He's a chain smoker.
He's a cheat and a liar.
He's a close friend of mine.
He's a cold-hearted jerk.
He's a comedian.
He's a community leader.
He's a construction worker.
He's a creationist.
He's a crybaby, just like always.
He's a devout Catholic.
He's a fanatic.
He's a fast learner.
He's a filthy liar.
He's a former student of mine.
He's a frat boy.
He's a freelance journalist.
He's a friend from work.
He's a friend of my brother's.
He's a gambler.
He's a gardener.
He's a ghostwriter.
He's a good boy.
He's a good guy now, so he'll make a good husband in the future.
He's a good liar.
He's a good man.
He's a good person.
He's a grouch.
He's a grown man.
He's a high school student.
He's a historian.
He's a hopeless case.
He's a jerk.
He's a jesuit.
He's a journalist.
He's a late bloomer.
He's a law-abiding citizen.
He's a lawyer.
He's a leading authority in his field.
He's a liar.
He's a lifeguard.
He's a little nuts.
He's a little pale.
He's a little rusty.
He's a little taller than you are.
He's a little tipsy.
He's a loose cannon.
He's a man now.
He's a man of his word.
He's a man of importance.
He's a man of very good character.
He's a man we can trust.
He's a man you can rely on.
He's a married man.
He's a member of the golf club.
He's a nervous wreck.
He's a nonsmoker.
He's a party animal.
He's a powerful sorcerer.
He's a professional photographer.
He's a professor at the National University.
He's a professor of biology at Harvard.
He's a rather rare individual.
He's a real Spaniard.
He's a real gentleman.
He's a samurai.
He's a scriptwriter.
He's a singing teacher.
He's a skilled linguist.
He's a slacker.
He's a smart boy.
He's a smart little feller.
He's a southpaw.
He's a strange character.
He's a strange person.
He's a student of Japanese literature.
He's a successful banker.
He's a successful businessman.
He's a talented writer.
He's a talented young director.
He's a teacher and so am I.
He's a teetotaller.
He's a tennis player.
He's a terrible driver.
He's a total wreck.
He's a typical workaholic.
He's a very affectionate father.
He's a very capable business man.
He's a very clever boy.
He's a very disagreeable man.
He's a very energetic person.
He's a very fine musician.
He's a very nice boy.
He's a very promising young man.
He's a very talented man.
He's a very zealous worker.
He's a volleyball player.
He's a weak-willed man.
He's a wealthy man.
He's a well-known television personality.
He's a world-famous writer.
He's a yes-man.
He's able to speak Japanese.
He's about the same age as you are.
He's about the same age as you.
He's about to leave.
He's accustomed to climbing mountains.
He's accustomed to mountain climbing.
He's accustomed to traveling.
He's acting on his own.
He's active and fit.
He's active doing charity work.
He's addicted to drugs.
He's addicted.
He's afraid I'll get lost.
He's afraid of cats.
He's afraid of dogs.
He's afraid of making mistakes.
He's afraid of the sea.
He's afraid that he might be late.
He's afraid to dance.
He's after me.
He's all excited.
He's all right.
He's allergic to cats.
He's almost always in the hospital.
He's almost as tall as me.
He's already a man.
He's already been in the toilet for quite a while.
He's already left.
He's already married.
He's already too far away to hear us.
He's always asking silly questions.
He's always at home on Mondays.
He's always at home on Sundays.
He's always been kind to me.
He's always been living in Tokyo.
He's always been very affectionate with his in-laws.
He's always breaking into our conversation.
He's always broke at the end of the month.
He's always clowning in class.
He's always complaining about something.
He's always complaining about the food.
He's always dissatisfied.
He's always gossiping.
He's always involved in scams.
He's always joking.
He's always late to meetings.
He's always making a mess of things.
He's always making such witty remarks!
He's always on time.
He's always reading comics.
He's always scowling.
He's always short of money.
He's an African American.
He's an Asian-American.
He's an Englishman.
He's an agent for a big insurance company.
He's an animal.
He's an author.
He's an early bird.
He's an ex-con.
He's an excellent brain surgeon.
He's an independent thinker.
He's an intelligent young man.
He's an oceanographer.
He's an old friend of mine.
He's an old timer.
He's an opera lover.
He's an outlaw.
He's an undergrad.
He's angry at the world.
He's annoying.
He's antisocial.
He's as strong as a horse.
He's ashamed of his body.
He's asking you to help him.
He's asleep.
He's at church right now.
He's at home right now.
He's attracted to Asian women.
He's autistic.
He's aware of his own faults.
He's away on business.
He's back from his travels in Central Asia.
He's been blacklisted.
He's been confined to bed for the past three months.
He's been doing this for over twenty years.
He's been passing off my ideas as his.
He's been sick in bed for four days.
He's been staying at that hotel for the past five days.
He's been teaching for 20 years.
He's been waiting here for a long time.
He's been waiting here for quite a while.
He's better at the piano than I am.
He's big and strong.
He's both tall and fat.
He's brave and honest.
He's buying an old hat.
He's cleaning his rifle.
He's coming closer.
He's coming.
He's completely crazy.
He's concealing something from me.
He's crazy about soccer.
He's crazy about you.
He's cruel and heartless.
He's cruel.
He's crying.
He's cunning and manipulative.
He's curious about everything.
He's currently in prison for tax fraud.
He's dancing with another girl.
He's dating my sister.
He's dead-tired.
He's deep in debt.
He's definitely not coming.
He's dieting.
He's doing a handstand.
He's doing his German homework.
He's doing his best.
He's doing it right.
He's done his homework.
He's done this before.
He's down to earth.
He's eating an apple.
He's eating breakfast in the cafe.
He's eight years old.
He's enjoying himself.
He's every bit as clever as his friend.
He's everybody's friend.
He's extremely happy.
He's fast.
He's feeling much better.
He's feeling really low.
He's financially dependent on his wife.
He's fluent in Japanese.
He's found a new love.
He's fresh out of college.
He's friendly.
He's from Georgia.
He's full of big ideas.
He's getting cold feet.
He's getting old.
He's getting suspicious.
He's giving it a go.
He's going bald.
He's going blind.
He's going to cross the river.
He's going to have a heart attack.
He's going to love this.
He's going to make it.
He's going to regret this.
He's gone senile.
He's good at arithmetic.
He's good at cards.
He's good at telling jokes.
He's good at what he does.
He's good.
He's got a crush on her.
He's got a headache.
He's got a thick beard.
He's got a white cat.
He's got enough money to buy a house.
He's got lung cancer.
He's got money to burn.
He's got the flu.
He's got what it takes to make it in the business world.
He's greedy and lazy.
He's had a fever for the past few days.
He's had a liberal upbringing.
He's handsome and charming.
He's head over heels in love with Mary.
He's head over heels in love.
He's helping me.
He's henpecked.
He's her friend.
He's here to protect you.
He's here to spy on us.
He's hiding in the closet.
He's homeward bound.
He's hopelessly in love.
He's hungry and thirsty.
He's impossible to satisfy.
He's in Tokyo.
He's in a bad mood.
He's in a good mood today.
He's in a state of shock.
He's in bed with flu.
He's in bed with the flu.
He's in big trouble.
He's in danger of being evicted.
He's in danger.
He's in debt to the bank because he bought that big house.
He's in fantastic shape.
He's in good physical condition.
He's in grave danger.
He's in hot water.
He's in my class.
He's in pain.
He's in the hospital.
He's in the joint.
He's in the kitchen.
He's in the well.
He's in trouble.
He's innocent.
He's intelligent and good-looking.
He's intelligent, but I still don't like him.
He's intelligent.
He's interested in many things.
He's interested in you.
He's intimidated by beautiful women.
He's jealous and irrational.
He's just a business associate.
He's just a liar.
He's just an amateur.
He's just arrived.
He's just evil.
He's just kidding you.
He's just like his grandfather.
He's just not the person I thought he was.
He's just showing off in front of the girls.
He's kind of cute, isn't he?
He's kind of shy.
He's lazy.
He's leaning on a cane.
He's learning French so he can get a better salary.
He's letting his fame go to his head.
He's like a brother to me.
He's living from hand to mouth.
He's loaded.
He's looking at dinosaurs.
He's looking at me.
He's looking at you.
He's looking for a job.
He's looking good.
He's losing his looks.
He's lying.
He's mad at everyone.
He's making a lot of money in the stock market.
He's married and has three children.
He's married to an American woman.
He's missed the boat.
He's my age.
He's my best friend.
He's my best friend. It's like we are brothers.
He's my biological father.
He's my brother.
He's my father.
He's my first love.
He's my half-brother.
He's my hero.
He's my most interesting friend.
He's my old drinking buddy.
He's my older brother.
He's my younger brother.
He's nervous and excited.
He's nervous and gets scared easily.
He's never been better.
He's never been in love before.
He's never satisfied.
He's new in town.
He's no doctor.
He's no saint.
He's not a bad guy.
He's not a doctor, but a nurse.
He's not a good person.
He's not a hero.
He's not a liar.
He's not a member.
He's not afraid of snakes at all.
He's not allowed to leave the country.
He's not an idiot.
He's not at all stupid.
He's not cut out for teaching.
He's not going to get away with it this time.
He's not going to make it.
He's not good at remembering names.
He's not home.
He's not in our group.
He's not in.
He's not lazy. On the contrary, I think he's a hard worker.
He's not married.
He's not much as a singer.
He's not my boyfriend.
He's not my boyfriend. He's my brother.
He's not my cousin.
He's not my father.
He's not my type.
He's not one of us.
He's not paying any attention to me.
He's not perfect.
He's not ready.
He's not sick.
He's not smart enough to add numbers in his head.
He's not smart enough to work it out in his head.
He's not stupid.
He's not supposed to be here.
He's not sure he's ready.
He's not the right man for me.
He's not the right man for you.
He's not very good at it.
He's not very strict about this.
He's not working much at the moment.
He's not worthy of you.
He's now aboard the ship.
He's now on the phone.
He's now studying.
He's obsessed with cleanliness.
He's obviously in pain.
He's offered to help.
He's often late for work.
He's often mistaken for a student.
He's old and crazy.
He's old enough to be her father.
He's old enough to be your father.
He's old enough to go to school.
He's old enough to stand on his own feet.
He's on a diet because he is a little overweight.
He's on his last legs.
He's on his way.
He's on sentry duty.
He's on the dance floor.
He's one of my in-laws.
He's only a couple of years older than me.
He's only a couple of years younger than me.
He's only a subordinate.
He's open and trusting.
He's open-minded.
He's opposed to racial discrimination.
He's our English teacher.
He's our only suspect.
He's out of the woods.
He's out of town on business.
He's over forty.
He's paraplegic.
He's pathetic and stupid.
He's perfect at everything.
He's photogenic.
He's picky about suits and ties.
He's playing Tetris.
He's preparing for a diplomatic career.
He's probably sleeping.
He's probably wrong.
He's proud of his good grades.
He's quite a nice fellow but I don't like him.
He's quite crazy about golfing.
He's quite formal when he meets a stranger.
He's racking his brains about how to deal with the matter.
He's racking his brains over how to deal with the matter.
He's raking it in on the stock market.
He's raking it in.
He's reading a novel now.
He's ready to go.
He's really good looking.
He's really into soccer.
He's really quick.
He's really selfish.
He's relaxing at home.
He's rich rather than poor.
He's rich, but he's not happy.
He's rich.
He's right behind me.
He's right behind you.
He's scared of dogs.
He's self-employed.
He's short and fat.
He's shorter than his brother.
He's shorter than his father.
He's sitting at the table.
He's sitting in the waiting room.
He's sketching an apple.
He's sleeping like a baby.
He's sleeping off last night's bender.
He's smart.
He's smarter than them.
He's smoking more than ever.
He's sound asleep.
He's stalling for time.
He's standing behind the wall.
He's standing in front of the door.
He's standing on his head.
He's stark naked.
He's staying with his uncle.
He's still alive.
He's still at work.
He's still sponging off his father.
He's still young.
He's strong.
He's stronger than me.
He's stronger than you.
He's studying Chinese.
He's studying hard so he can pass the entrance exam.
He's studying now.
He's studying.
He's stupid and irrational.
He's such a jerk.
He's such a sweetheart.
He's suffering from the effects of overwork.
He's supposed to be living in Nagano. What's he doing at Tokyo station?
He's swimming now.
He's taking a shower.
He's talking on the telephone.
He's tall and handsome.
He's tall and slim.
He's taller than me.
He's ten years older than you.
He's the best man in his field.
He's the black sheep of the family.
He's the boy we spoke about the other day.
He's the chairman of the committee.
He's the cutest boy in town.
He's the head of the marketing department.
He's the king's most trusted advisor.
He's the laziest person I know.
He's the love of my life.
He's the man of the house.
He's the man that was here last week.
He's the most likely to succeed.
He's the most popular boy in the class.
He's the most valuable player on our team.
He's the oldest son.
He's the one who told me about that.
He's the only one who survived.
He's the perfect man for you.
He's the president of the bank.
He's the projectionist at the theater.
He's the sole breadwinner for the family.
He's the tallest in the class.
He's the type of man who'd rather crochet potholders than seek adventure.
He's the type who doesn't worry about details.
He's thoroughly honest.
He's three years older than her.
He's three years older than she is.
He's too old for me.
He's too old.
He's too smart to do something that stupid.
He's too trusting.
He's too young to understand.
He's totally dependent on his parents.
He's tough on crime.
He's two years older than I am, but he's shorter than I am.
He's two years older than I am.
He's two years older than Mary is.
He's two years older than me, but he's shorter.
He's two years older than me.
He's two years younger than me.
He's unable to do that.
He's unconscious.
He's under treatment.
He's uninsured.
He's unlikely to want to get involved.
He's up there waiting for you.
He's up to no good.
He's used to climbing mountains.
He's used to mountain climbing.
He's very angry with you.
He's very angry.
He's very curious.
He's very flexible.
He's very fond of reading.
He's very fond of walking.
He's very good at playing baseball.
He's very ill.
He's very influential in the world of medicine.
He's very interested in Japanese.
He's very jealous of his wife.
He's very kind to me.
He's very likely to come.
He's very lonely.
He's very protective of her.
He's very protective of him.
He's very protective.
He's very shy. He says he wants to see you.
He's very skeptical.
He's very stingy.
He's very studious.
He's very talented.
He's very understanding.
He's very young. He's much younger than Tom.
He's waiting for you at home.
He's walking around in his underwear.
He's wanted by the police.
He's wasted.
He's watching me.
He's watching the Olympics.
He's wearing a hat.
He's wearing a new coat.
He's wearing a white cotton shirt.
He's wearing himself out working so much.
He's wearing sunglasses.
He's wide awake.
He's working on it.
He's worried about his receding hairline.
He's worried that he might be late.
He's worried we'll lose the way.
He's writing a long letter.
He's writing his diary.
He's young and energetic.
He's young and healthy.
He's young, but he's very intelligent.
He's young, naive and inexperienced.
He's younger than me.
He's your father.
He's your friend.
He, and he alone, must go.
He, like most Incas, believed this story.
Health is all I want.
Health is an important factor of happiness.
Health is better than wealth.
Health is more important than wealth.
Health is the most important thing.
Health is worth more than gold.
Health means everything to me.
Health means everything.
Hearing about people kidnapping little children just makes my blood boil.
Heat is a form of energy.
Heat turns ice into water.
Heaven knows why.
Heavy snow prevented the train from departing.
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and dumb.
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and mute.
